   New America Foundation Job Application for Public Interest Technology Fellowship | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
               Public Interest Technology Fellowship
                Location:
               Washington, DC
                Department:
               Public Interest Technology
                Type:
               Temporary
                Min. Experience:
               Entry Level
              New America&#8217;s Public Interest Technology Fellowship Program is an ambitious new initiative designed to support an emerging public interest technology sector in America&#8212;the application of technology knowledge skills in policy-making and public service to help solve public problems. Just as public interest law became an esteemed public service career path a generation ago, we believe public interest technologists are critical to our
              future prosperity as a nation.
              What do we mean by public interest technologists? We cast a wide net. Our goal with the Public Interest Technology fellowship is to find bold thinkers that want to join the work of building an ecosystem of engineers, data scientists, software developers, lawyers, economists, and organizers that are all engaged in the common work of harnessing the power of technology to solve public problems. Public interest technology is not simply about building digital systems and services. It is about tackling policy challenges that are directly about technology or shaped by technological change. And it is about making the types of innovative approaches to management, organization, and problem solving that are emblematic of the technology community available to those seeking to make or influence policy at every lev
              el.
              Through this initiative, fellows will advance big ideas in public interest technology in a variety of ways. Proposals can be for a short-term or part-time project (3-9 months). Or they can be for longer term, full-time and in depth programmatic work (12-18 months). We envision a broad typology of projects that includes (but is
              not limited to) these examples:
              Exit Fellowship &#8211; a project for technologists leaving public service designed to document lessons learned, analyze challenges, articulate aspirations, and offer training for the next cohort of public interest technologists.
              Parallel Public Service &#8211; a project designed to work in parallel on a technology issue (policy, systems, or services) that is currently before government&#8212;working with the relevant institutions to test ideas, develop new thinking, organizing partners, and help deliver better outcomes.
              Community Technology &#8211; a project that experiments with leveraging technology to address a particular community need at the local level by convening discussion and planning, documenting a proposal, and working with community stakeholders to design and implement a pilot project.
              Data-Driven Policy &#8211; a project designed to build new (or leverage existing) data sets to apply new methods of data science to public policy problems.
              Innovation and Management &#8211; a project that looks at how to change management practices in public institutions to better attract, retain, and empower technologists and innovative thinkers.
              With these projects and fellowships, we seek to establish an ecosystem of public interest technology practice, to grow its capacity, to document its learnings (both inside and outside government), and to test different forms of implementing technology-driven solutions to public problems at the loc
              al, state, and national levels.
              Fellows benefit from a financial stipend, engagement with each other and with New America&#8217;s various policy programs, and the expanded audience and exposure from New America and its media partners. Fellows are encouraged to work with New America&#8217;s National Network&#8212;including our teams in New York, Chicago and the Bay Area&#8212;though a residency in D.C. is preferred. Precise terms and stipend levels of fellowships vary widely according to project type, dur
              ation, and level of experience
              ..
                To apply, please submit your application and accompanying materials through the Public Interest
                Technology Fellowship website by clicking &#8220;apply&#8221;.
              In addition entering basic contact and background information, we also require that candidates submit the two central application components that will be considered by our Fellows Selection Committee:
               Resume: Your professional resume or biography. Please include at the end of resume short descriptions (1 paragraph or less) and links (if available) to previous projects you have worked on that are related to public interest technology.
               Statement of Interest: The core of the application in which you explain your proposal for the fellowship--your line of inquiry, how you plan to develop it, why you feel this project will enrich the public interest technology ecosystem. This statement should not exceed 1500 words.
               New America is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce at all levels of the organization thereby creating a culture that allows us to better serve our clientele, our employees and our communities. We value and encourage the contributions of our employees and strive to create an environment where everyone can reach their full potential and drive outstanding results. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, age, sex, religion, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, gender identity or expression, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal law. This policy applies with regard to all aspects of one&#8217;s employment, including hiring, transfer, promotion, compensation, eligibility for benefits, and termination.
              Job summary
               Follow this company
               About this company
              New America Foundation
                 New America
                is dedicated to the renewal of American politics, prosperity, and purpose in the Digital Age. We carry out our mission as a nonprofit civic enterprise: an intellectual venture capital fund, think tank, technology laboratory, public forum, and media platform. Our hallmarks are big ideas, impartial analysis, pragmatic policy solutions, technological innovation, next generation politics, and creative engagement with broad audiences.
                Jobs from New America Foundation
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.