   Sr Data Scientist - Coventry Health Care, Inc. | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
             Posting Job Title
            Sr Data Scientist
             EEO Statement
            Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer
             Req#
            40437BR
             Primary Location
            NY-New York
             Locations
            MA-Wellesley
            NY-New York
             Percent of Travel Required
            0 - 10%
             Potential Telework Position
            No
             Full or Part Time
            Full Time
             Supervisory
            No
             Job Description
              POSITION SUMMARY
             The
              Senior Data Scientist
             will work with a cross-functional team, delivering analytical projects related to customer behavior insights/engagement, segmentation, targeting, customer life time value, partnering with internal and external clients to solve important health care challenges. The role will be responsible for extraction and manipulation of data from multiple, large data sources and using the data to deliver solutions and insights through business intelligence tools.
              Fundamental Components:
             The role will apply analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data and develop insights:
             * Develops, validates and executes algorithms and predictive models to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions.
             * Explores, examines and interprets large volumes of data in various forms.
             * Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve moderately complex business problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses.
             * Develops data structures and pipelines to organize, collect and standardize data that helps generate insights and addresses reporting needs.
             * Uses data visualization techniques to effectively communicate analytical results and support business decisions.
             * Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned projects and assures the integrity of the data.
             * Explores existing data and recommends additional sources of data for improvements.
             * Documents projects including business objectives, data gathering and processing, detailed set of results and analytical metrics.
              BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE:
             *&#160;6+ years of relevant programming or data&#160;analytic experience.
             * Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources.
             * Strong SQL skills.
             *&#160; Experience using R or Python to manipulate large datasets and develop statistical models a plus
             * Knowledge of data management in a Hadoop environment, including use of Hive, and experience with Tableau, Netezza a plus.
             * Demonstrates proficiency in several areas of data modeling, machine learning algorithms, statistical analysis, data * engineering and data visualization.
             * Effectively resolves problems and roadblocks as they occur.
             * Demonstrates good written and verbal communication skills; able to present information to various audiences.
             * Ability to communicate statistical and technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form.
             * Strong problem solving skills and critical thinking ability.
             * Strong collaboration and communication skills within and across teams.
              EDUCATION
             The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Master's degree.
              ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION
             * The location is New York City, NY.
             Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come.
             We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence.
             Together we will empower people to live healthier lives.
             Aetna is an equal opportunity &amp; affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities.
             We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard.
                Aetna takes our candidate&#8217;s data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
             Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click
             to review the benefits associated with this position.
             Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
             Employment Type
            Regular
             Career Band Description
            Professional
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Cameron Craig Group, NY - NY
             Analytic Recruiting, Inc., New York - NY
             Microsoft Corporation, New York - NY
             Synechron, Weehawken - NJ
             Analytic Recruiting, Inc., New York - NY
             Belltech LLC, NEW YORK - NY
             Collabera, New York - NY
             Korea Health Industry Development Institute, NEW YORK - NY
             Randstad, New York - NY
             Bloomberg, New York - NY
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Sr Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}