   Data Scientist - WeWork | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
           About the Role
          We are seeking at least one experienced or mid-level data scientist to join WeWork&#8217;s Data Science team. You will sit within the Data Team, a centralized and relatively small, collaborative, and tightly-knit team whose job is to support analysts and decision makers across the organization. The Data Team is composed of four sub-teams:
            Data Engineering
           : provides the analytics infrastructure for the whole of WeWork.
            Business Intelligence
           : develops reports, dashboards, and metrics, and provides BI tools, to provide accurate and timely information.
            Insights
           : supports various product and business groups with recommendations and in-depth analyses.
            Data Science
           : use advanced analytics and machine learning techniques to provide unique insights and impactful, deployed data products that make predictions and recommendations, and improve decisions on an ongoing basis.
          As a data scientist, you will work with your colleagues to apply sophisticated techniques that push forward WeWork&#8217;s capabilities, strengthening the business and improving the member experience.
           Responsibilities
          With the rest of the data team to support you (such as with data access &amp; cleaning, and understanding business logic and metrics), your job will be to collaborate with the business to define appropriate problems, perform advanced analytics, and develop machine learning solutions and models (from predictive modeling and clustering to NLP and econometric modeling). Promising results will lead to experiments and the eventual roll-out of impactful data products.
           Why This Role is Important
          There is a huge potential for data science to impact the business. While WeWork is very data-driven, it is only just starting to use data science to augment those decisions. You have the chance to showcase what data science can achieve, increase broad buy in and enthusiasm, and change the culture. There is a general thirst to use data in more creative and powerful ways and you can help. The training and experiences you bring to the firm will help push the boundaries of what we do.
           What You Will Learn
          There is a lot of potential to learn new skills in this role. You are going to learn how to work with the business, how to determine the best problems to tackle, and how to tackle them with the innovations of machine learning and data science. You will have the independence and responsibility to own these projects, choose the right approaches, and see them through to completion. You&#8217;ll be working with a team of smart, creative people with diverse backgrounds. Want to work with data from a rapidly-growing global brand open in 100 locations across multiple continents? We got it. Want to tackle problems from sales and retention to real estate and social networks? You betcha.
           Requirements
           3 years practical experience in industry as a data scientist or similar quantitative role.
           The ability to effectively write well-structured code using Python (numpy, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.) or R.
           Track record of rigorously developing statistical and machine learning models.
           Strong SQL skills. Experience with production transactional and data warehouse databases. (We primarily use AWS Redshift.)
           Deep knowledge of applied statistics and machine learning. Strong statistical thinking skills.
           Superior communication and data visualization skills. You can tell a compelling story with data.
           Specialties (nice to have's)
           A Master&#8217;s or Ph.D. in a relevant subject (such as a quantitative social, biological, or physical science, computer science, statistics, or machine learning) is preferred but not as important as your proven industry track record.
           Experience with Natural Language Processing and extracting insights and patterns from unstructured/semistructured data.
           Experience with analysis of user data from web sites and mobile applications, including experimental design and A/B testing.
           Experience with recommender systems and other deployed data products.
           Experience working in software development, including agile processes.
           Experience with sophisticated statistical models such as (geo)spatial regression, hierarchical/Bayesian models, or latent variable models
           Our Data team is growing fast and we are changing the game, check it out:&#160;https://www.fastcompany.com/most-innovative-companies/2017/sectors/data-science. &#160;Does this sound like your experience, then please apply!
           Critical Competencies for Success
           You do what you love!
           You are infinitely curious, but focused on results.
           You are a collaborative doer who can work independently to get things done.
           You love to learn. Love to mentor and teach others, even better.
           You thrive in a dynamic startup environment. You live KISS and embody agile.
           You keep up-to-date with latest developments in the field.
           About WeWork
          WeWork is the community of creators. We provide the space, community and services for over tens of thousands of members to do what they love and create their life's work. WeWork&#8217;s mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living. Our own team members are central to this mission.
          The WeWork team is a group of entrepreneurial, grateful individuals who deeply believe in what we are creating and in the power of &#8220;we&#8221;. We challenge convention and achieve amazing things through dedication and collaboration.
          WeWork transforms buildings into beautiful, collaborative work spaces and provides infrastructure, services, events and technology so our members can focus on doing what they love. Our team members value the WeWork concept and there is a contagious energy in our offices as we work towards accomplishing our goals.
          Our hunger for building great spaces, empowering small businesses and connecting interesting people hasn't yet begun to be satisfied. We are just getting started, and our journey gets increasingly more exciting as team members join our mission!
          Our values guide who we are and everything that we do.
           Inspired
          We do what we love and are connected to something greater than ourselves.
           Entrepreneurial
          We are creators, leaders and self-starters. &#160;We try new things; we challenge convention; and we&#8217;re not afraid to fail.
           Authentic
          We are genuine to our brand, mission and values. &#160;We&#8217;re not perfect and we don&#8217;t pretend to be. &#160;We are, though, always honest and as transparent as we can be.
           Tenacious
          We never settle. &#160;We get sh*t done and we get it done well. &#160;Be persistent and knock down walls &#8211; literally if you have to. &#160;You have our permission.
           Grateful
          We are grateful for each other, our members, and to be part of this movement. &#160;We don&#8217;t take success for granted. &#160;We&#8217;re happy to be alive.
           Together
          We are in this together. &#160;This is a team effort. &#160;We always look out for one another. We value empathy; we know we&#8217;re all human, and know we can&#8217;t do any of this alone.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Sollers, Menlo Park - NJ
             MTA Headquarters, New York City - NY
             AT&amp;T, New York - NY
             Pivotal Solutions Inc, New York City - NY
             Kforce Inc, New York - NY
             City of New York, Manhattan - NY
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}