   CyberCoders Job Application for Data Scientist - Economy Simulator - Longitudinal Panel Research | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            If you are a Data Scientist with an interest in building a cutting edge economy simulator please send me a resume and read on!
            We are a highly respected hedge and venture capital firm with a rapidly growing Data Science team.  That said, we have an amazing opportunity to have a very high profile role on a brand new research group.  Your work will have a direct impact on discovery of investment signals that will generate billions of dollars.
            Top Reasons to Work with Us
            &#8226;This NOT a typical quant shop.  All the members of the firm are very interactive with very little silo-ing.  You will be able to interface and have lots of exposure with Sr. partners at a well-respected Hedge and Venture Capital firm.  Lots of opportunity to network and create long-term connections.
            &#8226;This is an opportunity to join  a very small but amazingly talented data science team.
            &#8226;This role will present tons of interesting puzzles and unique discoveries that will have very interesting technical challenges.
            &#8226;This is an opportunity to work in a super techy financial firm that has created some of the most cutting-edge software and intelligence platforms anywhere.  Very awesome culture.
            &#8226;The compensation packages are hedge fund bonused to the hilt!
            What You Will Be Doing
            You will be working for the data science team of a very highly respected, hedge fund and VC firm building a best in class, cutting edge, economy simulator.  Think Sims but working for a firm managing billions in assets.
            In this role you will be responsible for applying, adapting, and extending existing results in the broad field of data science and machine learning.
            You will be touching various aspects of data science such as&#8230;
            Machine Learning
            Predictive modelling
            Longitudinal Panel Research or a desire to learn
            Natural language processing
            What You Need for this Position
            &#8226;Bachelors or Masters candidate in machine learning, computer science, statistics, or a related field from a top-tier educational institution.  The team is composed of very sharp ivy league alums.
            &#8226;Amazing analytical and quantitative skills.
            &#8226;Experience conducting independent research utilizing large data sets.
            &#8226;Financial market experience or a deep desire to learn.
            &#8226;Programming in Python, R or Matlab.
            So, if you are a Data Scientist looking for an in incredibly challenging, highly gratifying opportunity, please apply today!
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Shaun Sedgwick
               Follow this company
               About this company
              CyberCoders
                CyberCoders, a division of On Assignment, is a leading permanent placement recruiting firm. Through our innovative technology and efficient recruiters, CyberCoders helps find the right candidate fast.
                Founded in 1999, CyberCoders is built on a success oriented culture. Above all &#8211; we know both candidates and clients want quality and they want it now. No other recruiting firm can offer Cyrus, our proprietary technology built to search smarter and quicker, matching the best applicant to the right job.
                Jobs from CyberCoders
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.