   CyberCoders Job Application for Data Scientist - Machine Learning, Data Mining, Python | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on!
            Based in New York, NY we are a company that curates big data and analytics from all over the healthcare and life sciences industry. We value innovative solutions, constant improvement, and team collaboration as a startup. We are looking for a Data Scientist that will "wow" us and contribute to the development of our rising healthcare platform. If you have experience with data-mining and machine learning techniques, Scala, Python, Java, Spark, and Hadoop, we would love to hear from you!
            This is an opportunity to join a growing team of folks accomplished in Analytics, Machine Learning, and Data Engineering; focused on using the best of what lies at the forefront of technology and data science to address complex, real-world problems in the Healthcare and Life Science space. This team forms the tip of the spear, driving towards the most effective ways to deliver more value.
            What You Need for this Position
            At Least 3 Years of experience and knowledge of:
            - Machine Learning
            -Data-Mining
            - Python
            - Data Mining
            - Hadoop
            - Scala
            - SPARK
            - SQL
            What's In It for You
            We are willing to offer excellent compensation packages including a base salary between $90k-$150k, Bonus DOE, Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401k matching. We are located in New York!.
            So, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today!
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Mordy Ornguze
               Follow this company
               About this company
              CyberCoders
                CyberCoders, a division of On Assignment, is a leading permanent placement recruiting firm. Through our innovative technology and efficient recruiters, CyberCoders helps find the right candidate fast.
                Founded in 1999, CyberCoders is built on a success oriented culture. Above all &#8211; we know both candidates and clients want quality and they want it now. No other recruiting firm can offer Cyrus, our proprietary technology built to search smarter and quicker, matching the best applicant to the right job.
                Jobs from CyberCoders
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.