   Randstad Technologies Job Application for Data Analyst/Data Scientist | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
             DO YOU LIKE TO WORK WITH CRITICAL TRADE DATA?  IF YOU ARE SUPER ORGANIZED AND MOTIVATED, THIS MAY BE THE PERFECT OPPORTUNITY FOR YOU!!!
             Data Analyst/Scientist
             Job Description -
            Looking for a Data Analyst/Scientist who will turn data into information, information into insight and insight into comprehensive senior management &amp; stakeholder reporting. The candidate should have a minimum of 5-10 years of relevant experience where they have performed data analysis and reconciliation within a financial institute middle office or operations group.
             Responsibilities -
            Data Profiling - Collect &amp; Interpret data, analyze results using analytical techniques and provide ongoing results in a comprehensive manner
            Perform Reconciliations - Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and determine breaks. Ensures that all data management activities are completed on time and with high quality
            Discrepancy Management - identify issues or break reasons. Ownership of issues until remediated and appropriate resolutions are implemented
            Metrics reporting - Identify and interpret trends or patterns in data sets, prepare reporting data tables and create reports
            Work with management on multiple deliverables under tight deadline and report out in a timely manner
            Manage processes, improve methods and procedures. Locate and define new process improvement and automation opportunities and work with development partners to implement. Develop standards.
             Summary of Skills Required -
           &#8226; Working knowledge of Capital Markets trading products
           &#8226; Strong critical thinking and data analysis skills. Experienced in collecting, organizing and evaluating business data
           &#8226; Ability to pay attention to details
           &#8226; Ability to report research results in a comprehensive, concise manner and to develop and present precise and clear metrics
           &#8226; Skilled in coordinating and multi-tasking for various projects
           &#8226; Understands databases; good technical skills in querying and analyzing data (SQL or equivalent) and strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc.)
           &#8226; Ability to manage issues and influence others to remediate
           &#8226; Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. Communicates and collaborates with all levels of team-mates
           &#8226; Good organizational and project management skills, as well as attention to detail
           &#8226; Multitasks, prioritizes and meets deadlines in tmely manner
           &#8226; Ability to work within a team and as an individual contributor in a fast-paced, changing environment
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Randstad Technologies
               Phone
               .
               Address
               10038
               Follow this company
               About this company
                Company name
                Randstad Technologies
                Jobs from Randstad Technologies
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.