   Randstad Professionals Job Application for Senior Visual Designer (242596) | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
             Top Tier Investment Bank Seeking a Senior Visual Designer for Interactive Products!!!
             New Product Development Group
             New York City
             ** located in Metrotech Brooklyn, long term Contract
             Job Description:
            We're looking for visual designers who specialize in Information and Interaction Design. The appropriate candidate loves making sense of complex things (whether information, data, controls or even conceptual in nature) with the intention of reframing it into something simple, elegant, and actionable. You'll enjoy asking tough questions to help deconstruct the problem and mine for insights. And in general, you'll love producing high quality, clever, designs that elegantly solve the problem and not surprisingly delight the users. Ideal candidates are part inventor, part craftsman but most of all, makers.
            We sit within a Product Management organization and so we are serious creating tools and services that improve peoples' lives (at work) and achieve clear business goals. Our users have complex, fast-paced, informationally overloaded jobs (within an already complex industry) and so their tools must provide benefits without adding to it. As a UX team, we have to 'go deep' into the problem-space drawing from the various techniques designers have for finding insights that others can't. And, as with any successful product or service, our designs solve users' problems but also guide a product's evolution into a powerful and extensible framework.
            Operating similar to an internal agency, we'll take on a good variety of business-critical projects where design is a necessary part of the solution. In the New Product Development group, our role is to drive an agenda of innovation by helping to identify and evolve the best ideas by partnering up with our skilled team of data scientists, engineers, and business owners to figure out the best path to success.
             Role Description
            The Senior Visual Designer (SVD) role is an integral part of the team. Our SVDs are co-owners of the design and identity of our next-generation, bespoke, multi-channel applications. SVDs lead the design effort for applications that are dynamic, information and data rich, highly specialized, and built within the scope of the latest technological trends (e.g. data science, block chain, and new application frameworks). Other responsibilities of SVDs include the following.
           &#8226;   Create and evolve the visual design language for the products we work on while maintaining awareness of the larger ecosystem of product and design standards
           &#8226;   Help establish a culture of design within the group and among our stakeholders
           &#8226;   Collaborate with our cross disciplinary teams to transform requirements into compelling designs that fulfill on the promise of the product
           &#8226;   Ensure your proposed designs are specified with the required level of detail (in the form of red-lines and assets) to guide the process of design and development
           &#8226;   Take an active role in the quality assurance throughout development and deployment
           &#8226;   Actively support efforts to codify preferred and industry-appropriate design standards
             Qualifications
            Above all, candidates should be excited and motivated to create next-generation user interfaces applying expertise within the fields of Information Design, Interaction Design, and Data Visualization to develop compelling designs for our products and services. Candidates should also have the following qualifications and experiences.
           &#8226;   Be a trained Graphic/Information Designer who balances expertise in 'craft' with an academic interest in the relevant fields of Design (theories of visual perception and cognition, among other things)
           &#8226;   Leverages his/her design skills, and awareness of the user and business goals, to imagine, illustrate, and help realize compelling functional interfaces
           &#8226;   Can skillfully represent the visual design discipline, within a multi-disciplinary product team, when presenting to stakeholders, sponsors, and critics
           &#8226;   Enjoys new design challenges including those involving complex information, data visualizations, and interactivity
           &#8226;   Enjoys working collaboratively, taking and giving feedback in order to provide the best and most appropriate solutions
           &#8226;   Must be able to maintain healthy relationships with our business and technology partners
           &#8226;   Comfortable employing his/her skills across all stages of the design and development process including conception, design, standardization, specification, and enforcement
           &#8226;   Is curious and resourceful and with that, able to learn and operate within the complex business domains of the company
           &#8226;   Is detail oriented and always concerned about the end products
             Candidates must have:
           &#8226;   A proven track record creating design languages for an interaction-complex applications, sites, mobile et al
           &#8226;   A strong portfolio of work emphasizing his/her depth of experience with graphic and information design for interactive products/sites, and where possible data visualization.
           &#8226;   Minimum 4 years experience working in a professional capacity as a visual designer on highly interactive and data rich applications
             Educational Experience
            Bachelor's Degree in Design with emphasis in one or more of the following: Digital Design, Communication Design, Information Design, Graphic Design, Interaction Design, Motion Design
            ** If interested, please email your resume to
             Christina.Sanchez@randstadusa.com
            !!!
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Christina Sanchez
               Phone
               212-212-3600
               Address
               11245
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Randstad Professionals
                 Let Randstad Professionals be your trusted career adviser.
                Our recruiting specialists are experts at powering careers by getting to
                 know and understand
                your skills,  career goals, motivators and personality. To best serve our talent, we stay connected and continuously invest time to find your next career opportunity at the company that best fits YOU.
                 Randstad Professionals:Experts powering careers.
                Randstad Professionals provides talent with career opportunities in finance and accounting, human resources, legal, and sales and  marketing.  As part of Randstad US, one of the largest staffing organizations in the United States, we support our candidates along their lifelong professional journey by offering dedicated and attentive service, extensive job opportunities and a talent experience based on being a trusted career adviser. Connect with Randstad today to see how recruiting experts can help power your career.
                Randstad US is a wholly owned subsidiary of Randstad  Holding nv, a $24.5 billion global provider of HR services.  As one of the largest staffing organizations in the United States, Randstad provides temporary, temporary-to-hire and permanent placement services each week to over 100,000 people through its network of more than 900 branches and client- dedicated locations.
                Jobs from Randstad Professionals
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.