   Data Science Analytics - Sonsoft Inc | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
        Company Description
           SonSoft Inc.
          is a USA based corporation duly organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Georgia. SonSoft Inc is growing at a steady pace specializing in the fields of Software Development, Software Consultancy, and Information Technology Enabled Services.
        Job Description
           Domain &#8211;
            Retail and/or CPG domain Knowledge
           Retail Execution &#8211;
            Demand Forecasting/Inventory Management/Supply Chain, CRM, Sales, and Operation, Procurement
           Analytics Knowledge - Clustering, Segmentation, Campaign Analytics, Loyalty Management, Forecasting
           Data Understanding of Sales, Inventory, Store, Product and Promotion Data
           Ability to translate business requirement to analytical model
           Communicate directly with business users
           Technical Skills &#8211;
            SQL, Advanced Excel, R/SAS
            Nice to have Skill/Competency:
           Hadoop, Spark, Python
           Tableau/Spotfire/Qlikview
           Nielsen/IRI/Market Research Data understanding
            Job responsibilities:
           Understand business requirement from client and translate it to appropriate Analytics use cases
           Work in a team environment to deliver analytics solution to client
           Define new business metrics as required and build measurement systems as needed
           Enjoy designing, develop and deploy state of the art, data-driven predictive models
           Adept in quick starting optimization options to solve business problems using latest technologies in data mining and statistical modeling,
           Advise clients &amp; internal teams on the right analytics algorithm, platforms, and approaches to take in addressing complex, open-ended business problems.
           Travel may be required as per the job requirements.
         Qualifications
           Bachelor&#8217;s degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education.
           At least
            7 years
           of experience with
            Information Technology or Business Intelligence/Analytics consulting.
         Additional Information
           ** U.S. Citizens and those who are authorized to work independently in the United States are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time.
            Note:-
            This is a
              Full-Time &amp; Permanent job opportunity
            for you.
            Only
             US Citizen
            ,
             Green Card Holder
            ,
             GC-EAD
            ,
             H4-EAD &amp; L2-EAD
            can apply.
            No
             OPT-EAD, H1B &amp; TN candidates,
            please.
            Please mention your
             Visa Status
            in your
             email
            or
             resume
            .
            **
            All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Itlize Global LLC, Piscataway - NJ
             Cameron Craig Group, NY - NY
             CyberCoders, New York City - NY
             UPS, Wayne - NJ
             ERS Search Inc, New York City - NY
             Analytic Recruiting, Inc., New York - NY
             Reperio Inc., New York City - NY
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Science Analytics
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}