   Data Scientist, Team Lead - Predictive Analytics - Grubhub | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          We work with awesome people every day. We don&#8217;t mean &#8220;awesome&#8221; like how other people use &#8220;awesome&#8221;&#8212;in some conjunctive form with &#8220;sauce&#8221; or &#8220;balls.&#8221; We really mean it. We work with some of the greatest people in the tech industry here at GrubHub. We&#8217;re looking for more.
          GrubHub leads in the mobile food-ordering industry with a portfolio of brands that includes GrubHub, Seamless, MenuPages and Allmenus. We&#8217;re dedicated to connecting hungry diners with local restaurants with our internal delivery network. With offices in New York City, Chicago and London, GrubHub supports every order with 24/7 customer service.
           We want you to enjoy where you work. Who you work with. What you work on. At GrubHub, you can order your cake and eat it too.
           Explore diverse data sets of large volumes to develop models which help drive complex, real time data driven products with real world impact.
           Using sound scientific guiding principles in analysis, model training, testing and validation of the data models to create precise, high performing and reliable models to be used in product.
           Using software principles to write functional, scalable, tested and clean deployable code, during the implementation stage of algorithms.
           Oversee project work of direct reports. Help solve challenging problems with problem formulation, prioritization, exploration and implementation.
           Collaborate and work closely with Engineering, Product and Design to create high quality reliable products.
           Strong Machine Learning and Statistics track record and expertise on Regression Methods, Classification Methods, Clustering, Neural Networks, Unsupervised Learning Methods, Etc.
           Experience working on Anomaly Detection, User Rating Calculation,Time Series Forecasting, Etc.
           Experience building probabilistic models, simulations and other computational techniques to run statistical analyses for several mission-critical projects. Should also be able to package them into conceptual features available through our data intelligence services and internal code.
           In depth understanding of Experiment design - You should have a deep understanding of experiment design: Control vs variations, factorial experiment design, multivariate experiments, simple random sampling vs stratified, etc.
           Programming - Our team pushes very hard to scale through automation. Advanced Python and Spark Skills are essential to perform your daily tasks.
           Strong cross-functional communication skills - The algorithms we develop are central to how the business runs. So it's critical for you to understand the drivers of our business very deeply, and to be able to explain your approach to a wide variety of both technical and non-technical stakeholders and take input from them where appropriate.
           SQL experience - Experience in transactional and data warehouse environments using MySQL, Hive, or other database systems. Must deeply understand joins, subqueries, window functions, etc.
           Humility - Admit when you&#8217;re wrong and make a mistake, then let&#8217;s laugh about it. You might even make our achievements board!
           12+ years of experience using the above skills
           PhD or Masters in quantitative discipline.
          Got These? &#160;Even Better:
           Working knowledge of Scala or interest to pick up new programming languages.
           Good understanding of data structures and computational complexity.
           You know how to sell an idea to a large group of people. Internal PR is important.
           Blog/portfolio/Github link
           Unlimited paid vacation days. Choose how your time is spent.
           Never go hungry! We provide weekly GrubHub/Seamless credit.
           Regular in-office social events, including happy hours, wine tastings, karaoke, bingo with prizes and more.
           Company-Wide Initiatives encouraging innovation, continuous learning and cross-department connections.
          We deliver favorites every day. Join us as we move eating forward.
           Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here:
           . Grubhub is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to
           TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com
           and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Cameron Craig Group, NY - NY
             UPS, Wayne - NJ
             CyberCoders, New York City - NY
             ERS Search Inc, New York City - NY
             Kforce Inc, New York - NY
             Belltech LLC, NEW YORK - NY
             Analytic Recruiting, Inc., New York - NY
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist, Team Lead - Predictive Analytics
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}