   Senior Scala Engineer, Sports Data - Sports Media
       5819 Sports Jobs &#160;&#160; 449 Sports Internships
        Proud partner of
         Make Your Passion Your Career.
          &#8482;
         Work In Sports.
             Region Map
                    Here is the job that interests you:
                       Senior Scala Engineer, Sports Data
                       Sports Media
                       Location:
                      New York, NY
                       Job Status:
                      Full Time
                       Posted/Updated:
                      03-07-2017
                       Job Description:
                      MLB Advanced Media is looking for an experienced Scala Engineer who is passionate about building new technologies for the sports industry. Launched in 2001 as the tech arm of Major League Baseball, MLBAM is now a leading authority in media streaming and real time data processing, distribution and analysis.
                      The Sports Data team is the central data hub for MLB, NHL and other sports properties. Through a highly scalable RESTful API designed to support millions of concurrent users, our data is consumed by fans, broadcasters, professional sports teams and sports data scientists.
                      We're also the team behind MLB Statcast Player Tracking, our flagship project. You can find more information about MLB Statcast at http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/02/magazine/can-new-technology-bring-baseballs-data-revolution-to-fielding.html
                       The Opportunity:
                      As a Senior Scala Engineer, your primary responsibilities will be to write clean, concise, modular code in an agile environment, mentor developers and provide code reviews.
                       You'll also:
                        Lead and take ownership of critical projects and your own initiatives.
                        Work on a great technology stack including: Scala, Akka, Java 8, Spring, Couchbase, DynamoDB, Kinesis, Lambda, and more.
                        Introduce the technology you feel passionate about.
                        Collaborate with a team of extraordinary engineers and technologists.
                        Influence the innovation of products used by millions of users worldwide.
                        Work alongside top data scientists on data analysis, machine vision and NLP.
                        Participate in the full lifecycle of software development (requirements gathering, designing, building, testing and maintenance).
                        Receive amazing benefits - you get 100% employer-paid Medical, Dental and Vision.
                       You are:
                        5+ years of experience using back end technologies: Scala or Java.
                        Experienced building large and scalable applications.
                        An avid learner, independent with excellent problem-solving skills.
                        Familiar with NoSQL databases such as Couchbase, MongoDB or Redis.
                        Passionate about mentoring peer developers, providing code reviews, etc.
                       Preferred, but not required:
                        Experienced Web Application developer.
                        Exposure to Amazon Web Services.
                        Skilled in front end technologies: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3.
                        Familiar with messaging queues: ActiveMQ, Kafka, Kinesis and SNS/SQS.
                        A sports fan of any kind: whether it's baseball, hockey, soccer, formula 1, e-sports, or code golf, we don't discriminate.
                   Similar Jobs
            Jobs by Sport
            Jobs by Position
            Jobs by League
            Jobs by Location
            Jobs in Entertainment
            More Resources
          Need Help? Call Us
           1-855-220-JOBS
        Copyright &#169; 2000-2017 Work In Sports L.L.C. All Rights Reserved. Please read our
        and
        .