   Senior Software Engineer-Search Services - Grubhub | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          We work with awesome people every day. We don&#8217;t mean &#8220;awesome&#8221; like how other people use &#8220;awesome&#8221;&#8212;in some conjunctive form with &#8220;sauce&#8221; or &#8220;balls.&#8221; We really mean it. We work with some of the greatest people in the tech industry here at GrubHub. We&#8217;re looking for more.
          GrubHub leads in the mobile food-ordering industry with a portfolio of brands that includes GrubHub, Seamless, MenuPages and Allmenus. We&#8217;re dedicated to connecting hungry diners with local restaurants. With offices in New York City, Chicago and London, GrubHub supports every order with 24/7 customer service.
          We want you to enjoy where you work. Who you work with. What you work on. At GrubHub, you can order your cake and eat it too.
          About The Job:
          We are looking for engineers to help us dramatically expand and improve our set of products while simultaneously supporting a massive increase in the capacity of our systems. We have been extremely picky about assembling a team of smart, humble people who are passionate about creating amazing products. We work in an agile manner and believe strongly that small cross-functional teams empowered to make decisions and move fast are the best way to do so. This is an unbeatable opportunity for developers who hope to work on and deliver world class software in a friendly, fun, and innovative environment.
          About team:
          The team builds services and tools for the search eco-system at GrubHub.
           Build low latency, high throughput RESTful services
           Contribute to the search platform, software frameworks and SDK&#8217;s
           Communicate with leadership, product owners, other technologists, and users to create working software based on an understanding of business and technical priorities
           Work closely with data scientists to apply new models to influence the Search Engine
           Build systems that integrate with many other real time data sources and services
           Optimize service runtime for performance and scale
           Solid programming experience on the JVM (Java/Scala)
           Experience with large scale distributed real-time systems
           NoSQL Databases such as Cassandra
           Experience with A/B testing tools and techniques
           Experience with scale and volume mobile backed systems
           API design experience
           If you are based in a city outside of New York, feel free to apply! Relocation may be possible for an ideal candidate!
           Nice To Have:
           Experience with Hadoop, Spark and other big data tools
           Experience with Search Engines and SDK&#8217;s eg Lucene, Solr, Elasticsearch etc.
           Applied Machine Learning SDKs and tools, eg Stanford NLP, Deeplearning4j etc.
           Unlimited paid vacation days. Choose how your time is spent.
           Never go hungry! We provide weekly GrubHub/Seamless credit.
           Regular in-office social events, including happy hours, wine tastings, karaoke, bingo with prizes and more.
           Company-Wide Initiatives encouraging innovation, continuous learning and cross-department connections.
          We deliver favorites every day. Join us as we move eating forward.
          Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here:
          . Grubhub is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             New York City Department of Education, Brooklyn - NY
             CyberCoders, Jersey City - NJ
             Techlink, Inc., Manhattan - NY
             Galen Technology Solutions Inc, Jersey City - NJ
             AMS Staffing, Inc., Manhattan - NY
             GENPACT headstrong Capital Markets, Manhattan - NY
             Howard Systems International, Manhattan - NY
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Senior Software Engineer-Search Services
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}