   Data Scientist I - MediaMath | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
         Overview:
            MediaMath is a technology platform that brings together all forms of digital media, massive amounts of data, and sophisticated algorithms to power smarter marketing for the world&#8217;s leading advertisers. Technology like real-time bidding is revolutionizing marketing and MediaMath is at the cutting edge. Our platform handles millions of transactions per second and we reach hundreds of millions of desktop and mobile internet users worldwide. Our engineers develop complex, innovative, and highly scalable technology that is changing the face of digital media &#8211; devising new approaches, inventing new products, and opening up new markets. It&#8217;s a very exciting company in a very exciting industry. We&#8217;ve enjoyed massive growth since our founding in 2007, and we&#8217;re now a global company with offices in 20 locations &#8211; but this revolution has just begun!
            We are currently looking for a Data Scientist to support the ongoing development of MediaMath&#8217;s proprietary audience modeling platform. This individual will work closely with Product &amp; Engineering teams on the conception, design, development, testing, and deployment of real-world applications of models &amp; data that impact billions of dollars of marketing spend.
         Responsibilities:
             Develop a solid understanding of MediaMath&#8217;s business context, key problems and issues of importance to the company, and the ways in which data-driven models and algorithms can help drive performance and provide insights.
             Develop a deep understanding of business data-sets through a combination of database queries, and exploratory statistical analysis and visualization.
             Rapidly develop a deep understanding of the quantitative methodologies and implementation details behind existing machine learning algorithms in place, and the currently-planned roadmap of enhancements.
             Formulate business needs as data science problems where applicable and effectively communicate these to peers, managers, and key stakeholders, including the benefits and limitations of models.
             Design and develop Machine Learning models and algorithms that drive performance and provide insights pertinent to audience development, from prototyping, to production deployment, to validation, across key areas of interest to the company
             Partner closely with Engineering on the architecture and implementation of modeling efforts to ensure performance and scalability
             Partner closely with Product on the incorporation of new modeling features into our product set
             Develop tools and processes to monitor performance of existing models and implement enhancements to improve scalability, reliability, and performance.
             Create supporting documentation for algorithms and models.
             Stay abreast of new developments in Machine Learning and Data Science, and investigate &amp; develop new &#8220;challenger&#8221; approaches to compete against current &#8220;champions&#8221;
             Communicate effectively with other Data Scientists, with Product/Engineering, and with business stakeholders across the company to identify and define strategic data-intensive projects based on business needs.
            This is not an exhaustive list of responsibilities. As part of our global technology team, you may be required to be work off-hours or be on-call on a rotating basis. Other duties may be assigned, as needed. MediaMath retains the right to change job duties at any time.
         Qualifications:
             BS, Masters, or PhD degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., Computer Science, Math, Physics, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, or similar)
             Strong quantitative skills, with solid grasp of key concepts in Probability, Statistics, Algorithm design, and Machine Learning.
             Strong communication skills, and the ability to effectively discuss models with other data-scientists as well as business partners at the appropriate level of technical detail.
             Fluent understanding of some higher level language (e.g. Python, R, SCALA), preferably Python
             Passion for hands-on "in-the-trenches" work with real-world data-sets.
             Desirable: At least a year of hands-on experience with machine learning, predictive modeling, and statistical analysis techniques in a business environment
             Desirable: Experience with Machine-Learning/Big-Data Platforms and modeling frameworks, especially Spark and Hadoop.
             Desirable: Experience with Statistical modeling and Visualization with R or Python
             Attributes:
             Fast learner
             Analytic thinker
             Creative problem solver
             Passion for applying quantitative methods to rea-world problems
             Highly motivated
             Collaborative team player
             Focus on impact and scalability
             Direct, honest communication style
            How do we reward our outstanding Math Men and Math Women?&#160;We start with company equity, comprehensive medical, dental, vision, short term and long term disability and life insurance, Open Paid Time Off, free on-site chair massages and our 401(k) and 401(k) matching. &#160;We then serve-up flexible spending accounts, bagel Fridays, free snacks and sodas, and the latest and greatest technology you need to do your job (including a $250 biennial allowance for the latest smartphone). And the cherry on top? Monthly MathMixers; including Potlucks, Trivia Nights, and pick-up basketball, to name a few.
            In achieving their duties and responsibilities, MediaMath employees are expected to behave in keeping with the Math Values of SPACE: Scalable Innovation, Performance, Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Sollers, Menlo Park - NJ
             Cameron Craig Group, NY - NY
             Kforce Inc, New York - NY
             CyberCoders, New York City - NY
             Belltech LLC, NEW YORK - NY
             Analytic Recruiting, Inc., New York - NY
             ERS Search Inc, New York City - NY
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist I
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}