   Data Science Consultant Lead - Coventry Health Care, Inc. | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
             Posting Job Title
            Data Science Consultant Lead
             Job Group
            Health Care
             EEO Statement
            Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer
             Req#
            36397BR
             Primary Location
            NY-New York
             Locations
            NY-New York
             Percent of Travel Required
            0 - 10%
             Potential Telework Position
            No
             Full or Part Time
            Full Time
             Supervisory
            No
             Job Description
               Aetna's Data Science
              team is focused on delivering strategically-impactful products to our internal customers, by building analytically-based solutions that integrate a wide range of internal and external large datasets within a cutting-edge Hadoop parallel-processing environment. We are currently seeking a Data Science Consultant Lead in our
               New York, NY
              location.
               Position Summary:
              Leads the successful delivery of analyses and analytic solutions to meet business needs, interacting directly with internal and external clients and colleagues. May act as analytic team lead or mentor for complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks in support of company objectives.
               Fundamental Components:
              &#183; Performs basic applied statistical research and custom analysis of integrated healthcare data, interprets results, and makes recommendations based on analytic findings to business areas; also makes recommendations about data collection methods, metrics definition and evaluation methods.
              &#183; Presents analytic reports to clients and stakeholders.
              &#183; Defines and delivers analytical solutions in support of healthcare business initiatives that drive short and long term objectives.
              &#183; Collaborates with internal and external partners and organizations in the design and execution of analytic studies to answer business and research questions.
              &#183; Designs and conducts analyses and outcome studies using healthcare claims, pharmacy and lab data, employing appropriate research designs and statistical methods.
              &#183; Develops, validates and executes algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools that answer applied research and business questions for internal and external clients.
              &#183; Develops and participates in presentations and consultations to existing and prospective constituents on information services, capabilities and performance results.
              &#183; Stays informed about industry trends, research findings and evaluation methods.
              &#183; Turns analysis into business/customer solutions.
              &#183; Creates business applications to deliver clinical or analytic solutions to constituents
              &#183; Responsible for project commitments to quality and on-time deliverables; ability to manage conflicting priorities and multiple projects concurrently.
              &#183; Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned projects and assures the integrity of the data.
              &#183; May mentor other analysts.
               Background/Experience:
              &#183; 3+ years ofanalytic experience preferably in the healthcare industry.
              &#183;&#160;&#160;Demonstrated extensive and diverse knowledge of health care data, metrics, systems and standards; demonstrated subject matter expert in multiple subject areas.
              &#183; Well-versed in applications of statistical model building and concepts.
              &#183; Big data technology tools such as Hive, SQL, R, Python&#160;and Hadoop; experience with Tableau a plus.
               Education:
              &#183; Bachelor&#8217;s Degree or equivalent.
              &#183; Master&#8217;s Degree strongly preferred.
               Additional Job Information:
              Aetna continues to build a world-class Data Science organization to capture data, understand context, generate insights and react in real time. We engage our business partners, providing solutions to improve the consumer experience, increase efficiencies, and optimize health outcomes for our members through leveraging cutting edge technology.
              Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come.
              We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives.
              Aetna is an equal opportunity &amp; affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities.
              We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard.
                Aetna takes our candidate&#8217;s data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
              Click
              to review the benefits associated with this position.
             Employment Type
            Regular
             Career Band Description
            Professional
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Analytic Recruiting, Inc., New York - NY
             Belltech LLC, NEW YORK - NY
             Collabera, New York - NY
             Korea Health Industry Development Institute, NEW YORK - NY
             Randstad, New York - NY
             Bloomberg, New York - NY
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Science Consultant Lead
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}