   Excelsior College Job Application for Data Scientist** | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
              Closing Date: April 27, 2017
             Do you share our passion for using analytics for good? Do you want to help a diverse group of learners of all ages, backgrounds, and goals maximize their success in their educational endeavors? Excelsior College is seeking an experienced data scientist to work with dedicated professionals in a positive, supportive, and mission-driven atmosphere!
             Excelsior College, a regionally accredited, virtual, private, nonprofit institution of higher learning
             is seeking dynamic applicants for the position of Data Scientist in the Analytic and Decision Support unit.
             Summary:
             As a member of the Analytics and Decision Support team, reporting to the Assistant Vice President, the Data Scientist designs and implements statistical models to inform college processes, enhance business processes, and solve business problems. He or she works as a member of an interdisciplinary team to provide data and information that supports decision-making, continuous institutional improvement, and regulatory compliance. The Data Scientist also consults on data collection and processes and engages in research associated with model development and implementation.
             This ia a full time position based at 7 Columbia Circle, Albany, NY. Travel is rarely required.
             Responsibilities:
             &#8226;Translate structured and unstructured business questions into data analytic problems; create appropriate analyses, collaborate with business users to create a working solution using the most appropriate technology platform.
             &#8226;Extract, clean, transform, and manage data from college systems and public sources
             &#8226;Develop, implement, and revise predictive and other statistical/analytical models to facilitate productivity, efficiency, and student success
             &#8226;Solve statistical, machine learning, analytical and data mining problems
             &#8226;Work closely with the Applications Development and Applications Support teams to integrate analytics products into existing system platforms and identify gaps and alternative solutions as needed
             &#8226;Prepare, analyze, interpret, and present data to various audiences using tables, charts, and narrative reports
             &#8226;Develop processes, visualizations, dashboards, and other tools and automated solutions that enable business users at various levels to utilize analytic products on a regular basis
             &#8226;Liaise with third party analytics providers and consultants on contract with the college
             &#8226;Serve as a resource to Senior Research Analysts in order to develop team knowledge.
             Qualifications:
             &#8226;Masters degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science, or quantitative social science from a regionally accredited or a nationally recognized university required.
             &#8226;Extensive experience working with large data sets, including data cleansing processes and analysis/imputation of missing data
             &#8226;Proficiency in advanced statistical techniques (e.g. logistic/linear/multiple regression, decision trees (including random forest), data mining methods, forecasting)
             &#8226;Experience with SQL and with statistical and analytic programming design and technologies (Python, R, SAS, JMP, etc.)
             &#8226;Experience in the development of data visualizations and model output within a business intelligence software (such as Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, or QlikView)
             &#8226;Demonstrated success in analytical problem-solving, applying probabilistic and machine learning technologies to business systems, and project planning and implementation
             &#8226;Creative and innovative mindset and the inclination to discover novel opportunities for applying analytical techniques
             &#8226;Strong interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to communicate analytical results with business leaders and other stakeholders, highlighting actionable insights
             &#8226;Five or more years professional experience, preferably in a higher education setting
              Job summary
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Excelsior College
                Excelsior College http://www.excelsior.edu is a regionally accredited, nonprofit distance learning institution that focuses on removing obstacles to the educational goals of adult learners. Founded in 1971 and located in Albany, N.Y, Excelsior is a proven leader in the assessment and validation of student knowledge. It offers more efficient and affordable access to degree completion through multiple avenues: its own online courses and college-level proficiency examinations, and the acceptance in transfer of credit from other colleges and universities as well as recognized corporate and military training programs. Excelsior College is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education.
                Jobs from Excelsior College
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.