   Sr. Data Scientist - Customer Glidepaths &amp; Audience Analytics - J.Crew | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
         Title:
          Senior Data Scientist &#8211; Customer Glidepath and Audience Analytics
         Reports to:&#160;&#160; Director -&#160;Analytics
         Location: &#160; &#160; &#160;NY Office
         Overview: &#160;&#160; J.Crew is seeking a Senior Data Scientist with an emphasis on Customer Glidepath and Audience Analytics to join our team of highly successful predictive analysts. If you have a passion for &#8220;wowing&#8221; business leaders with exceedingly progressive analytics techniques, working with managers who &#8220;get&#8221; the work you are doing and support your efforts fully, consistently jumping into assignments focused on innovation rather than &#8220;minding the lever&#8221; of past projects, working alongside a highly professional and astute team with IT support that&#8217;s lightning fast to jump to your aid, then J. Crew is the place for you.
         This role will be responsible for developing, maintaining, and optimizing customer segmentation modeling across our brands. S/he will develop analytical models to drive prospect and customer audiences for acquisition, customer glidepaths, and tailored contact strategies. S/he should also be comfortable completing and driving ad hoc analyses with manager oversight and coaching.
         It is an exciting time to join J. Crew as we are focused on digital transformation across our brands and channels. We have implemented The Marketing Innovation Lab (The MIL), which is an incubator focused on accelerated test and learn across our on-line and off-line marketing programs. This role will play an integral role in developing analytical models to support the MIL&#8217;s activities.
          Primary responsibilities include but are not limited to:
          Predictive Modeling
          Utilizing your algorithmic/programming toolkit, build predictive models to improve profitability, growth, retention and other such key performance indicators for our clients
          More specifically, apply algorithms equal or similar to the followin elastic net regularization for regression, random forests, generalized boosted models, generalized additive models, support vector machines, neural networks, and time-series forecasting.
          Implement formal modeling processes from end to end including data gathering, data profiling, numerical model building, calibration, cross-validation, putting product into production, etc.
          After building the models, pilot &#8220;scorecards&#8221; to track model performance and calculated improvement to business.
          Explain complex modeling approaches in layman&#8217;s terms and discuss modeling results and business case impacts with non-technical business users
          Emphasis on Customer Glidepath and Audience Management
          Maintain and optimize customer segmentation models, including identification of key behavioral and attitudinal variables to drive marketing effectiveness
          Partner with Insights team to identify targeted audiences digital media, on-site personalization, and one-to-one marketing (e.g., email, SMS, and direct mail) leveraging transactional data, online-browse behaviors, and 3rd parties
          Develop thought leadership on best variables and fields to define key audiences for customer glidepath management efforts
          Partner with data engineers to build, manage, and refresh audiences in relational databases and campaign management platforms to execute segmented marketing programs
          Lead deep dives to identify highest performing audiences in digital media, on-site personalization, retargeting, and one-to-one marketing campaigns
          Develop audience targeting plans for media buying, on-site personalization, and one to one vehicles
          Collaborate with vendors to build audiences in external databases and systems (e.g., DMP, third-party demographic data, etc)
          Execute ad-hoc analyses as requested by leadership for development of segmented contact strategies
          Create and maintain reports detailing performance of key audiences and communicate results to key stakeholders
          Data Munging
          Collect data from a wide variety of corporate databases, including various SQL databases, no-SQL databases, Access databases, Big Data and Excel files
          Utilize your toolset in regular expressions to extract information from un-structured text documents
          Handle missing data through an algorithmic approach such as multiple imputations to enable insights in sparse and messy data.
          Use your inner whiz-kid to feature engineer the data to boost model accuracy
          Education &amp; Experience Requirements
          Master&#8217;s degree preferred in statistics or applied mathematics
          At least 5 years previous work experience with strong understanding and proficiency of predictive modeling techniques and segmentation methods
          Must have experience building custom audiences in relational databases, ad tech partners, and 3rd Party data providers
          Exceptional troubleshooting skills and should thrive in high expectation scenario with many stakeholders
          Superior research, statistical, analytical, processing and mathematical skills with ability to structure and conduct analyses
          Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, and at least one of the followin &#160;R&#160;and/or Python
          Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to present complex information in an easy-to-understand manner with clear recommendations based on data insight
          Strongly motivated to be a player in a team which is constantly working to improve themselves through discovering new analytics techniques and software tools to improve the quality of our work
          J.Crew Group, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer
         We are committed to affirmatively providing equal opportunity to all associates and qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, legally protected physical or mental disability or any other basis protected under applicable law.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Korea Health Industry Development Institute, NEW YORK - NY
             Randstad, New York - NY
             Analytic Recruiting, Inc., New York - NY
             Bloomberg, New York - NY
             Belltech LLC, NEW YORK - NY
             Kforce Inc, New York - NY
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Sr. Data Scientist - Customer Glidepaths &amp; Audience Analytics
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}