   Experis Job Application for Data Scientist | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
           Title: Data Scientist
           Location: Minneapolis/St. Paul area
           Employment type: Contract. Local canddiates only.
           Duties and Responsibilities:
           Extract, cleanse, and combine data from multiple sources and systems
           clustering, correlation, linear/logistic regression, time series modeling, and others
           Effectively communicate technical analyses and results to business management
           Perform exploratory and targeted analyses, with a wide variety of statistical methods, including k-means
           Develop and continually improve multi-source data architecture and analytics procedures, systems, workflows
           Required Skills:
           Four-year degree in mathematics, computer science, business or equivalent technical degree, Masters degree preferred
           5+ years of experience and increasing responsibility in advanced statistical analysis and predictive modeling
           Experience with a majority of the following tools: SQL, R, Python, Tableau, Alteryx, Amazon Web Services Suite
           Please reach out to
           if you are interested
           Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Experis
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Manpower
                  Experis
                is a division of ManpowerGroup focused on IT, Engineering and Finance. Experis also provides employers with innovative project solutions to improve operational efficiency, performance and cost containment.
                Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
&#169;
                ManpowerGroup - all rights reserved.
                Jobs from Experis
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.