   UnitedHealth Group Job Application for Senior Data Modeling Analyst (Data Scientist) - Minnetonka, MN | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
             Can you make numbers talk to you? Do you like hearing what they have to say?
             We are looking for a data analyst who can build predictive models, run regressions and understand the results. You will be a consulting detective using advanced data analysis techniques to find out things like: Where are the best customers? Why do they buy? What makes them happy?
             You will get to work with a team of data lovers just like you, using a variety of data sources to uncover insights and solve key business problems for our partners in Distribution, Sales, Network, Product, Market Research and Marketing. Your business-savvy, real-world solutions will improve results for both our customers and our company.
              Primary Responsibilities:
              Collaborate with team members and business partners to determine problem definition and requirements, manage expectations, and meet timelines
              Propose innovative ways to look at problems using machine learning &amp; data mining
              Use appropriate sampling, data preparation, analytic and statistical methodology to develop predictive models; combine this with business strategy skills to develop solutions that leverage datasets of any quantity, shape or size
              Discover insights and opportunities using statistical, data mining and visualization techniques
              Document, summarize and communicate findings, verbally and visually, in a way that is easily understood by internal business partners
              Seek out new data sources that fill gaps and improve models
              Help source, clean and verify integrity of data used for analysis
              Support business needs around analytics, predictive modeling and business intelligence
              Cross-train with team members on software skills, data sources and other work aspects
              Required Qualifications:
              Undergraduate degree in Business, Technology, Finance, Engineering, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or related field or equivalent experience
              SQL Proficiency
              2+ years of experience validating data and interpreting results of analysis
              2+ years of experience identifying variances/trends/root cause and providing solutions
              Demonstrated Machine Learning or Predictive Analytics or statistical analysis such as
              Regression, Classification, Clustering, Matrix Factorization, Decision trees, Support Vector Machines, or Neural Networks/ Deep Learning
              Preferred Qualifications:
              Advanced degree in quantitative field
              5+ years&#8217; experience in relational database modeling and concepts
              Experience working with analytic tools such as SAS Enterprise Miner, SPSS, R Studio, Angoss Knowledge Studio, or others
              Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k - NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
              Experience with ETL processes to extract, transform and load data across disparate systems
              Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, etc.)
              Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau
              Experience with healthcare data or industry; familiarity with UnitedHealth Group platforms
              Strong business acumen and professional communication skills (written &amp; oral)
              Solid analytical and problem solving skills (critical thinker); self-motivated and organized
              Health care industry experience
              Careers at UnitedHealthcare Employer &amp; Individual.
             We all want to make a difference with the work we do. Sometimes we're presented with an opportunity to make a difference on a scale we couldn't imagine. Here, you get that opportunity every day. As a member of one of our elite teams, you'll provide the ideas and solutions that help nearly 25 million customers live healthier lives. You'll help write the next chapter in the history of health care. And you'll find a wealth of open doors and career paths that will take you as far as you want to go. Go further. This is
              your life's best work.(sm)
              Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
              UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
             Job Keywords: Senior Data Modeling Analyst, Business, Technology, Finance, Engineering, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Data Scientist, Minnetonka, MN, Minnesota
              Job summary
               Follow this company
               About this company
              UHG I.T.
               Information Technology careers at UnitedHealth Group. Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that&#8217;s improving the lives of millions. We&#8217;re using mobile apps, game technology, the cloud and next-generation security to help millions live healthier lives. Here, innovation isn&#8217;t about another gadget, it&#8217;s about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There&#8217;s no room for error. This is high performance IT. Are you in? Learn more. And start doing your life&#8217;s best work.&#8480;
                Jobs from UnitedHealth Group
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.