   CTG Job Application for Senior Data Architect | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
              Senior Data Architect
             CTG is recruiting for a Senior Data Architect for a full-time permanent position with our Client located in Eden Prairie, MN. You must be willing to work onsite at our Client&#8217;s location in Eden Prairie. This is your opportunity to work on very leading edge technology.&#160; You will work as a member of an elite and innovative team that supports a much larger client base. Relocation assistance is available as well as a competitive salary and comprehensive benefit package.
                Location:
               Eden Prairie, MN
                Position Type:
               Direct Hire
             Our client is one of the world&#8217;s top transportation companies, working with nearly every Fortune 500 company in America and most of Minnesota&#8217;s best-known brands.&#160; They have a well-established Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence practice and are growing in the big data, machine learning, predictive analytics and cognitive computing areas. This role will focus on Big Data while providing support to our Client&#8217;s Data Warehouse practice and work in partnership with their Business Intelligence architect. As a part of the team, you will be responsible for architecting, designing, and implementing new capabilities across multiple projects with various IT teams.
             Job duties are as follows:
              Work with enterprise architects, product architects, value owners, project managers, delivery leads, data scientists, engineers and support team members to bring big data R&amp;D projects into Production
              Work with the data science delivery lead, product value owners and business stakeholders to create the team&#8217;s backlog
              Create a product architecture roadmap that maintains the integrity of our big data practice and satisfies the business need to fast value delivery
              Engage with all teams in a collaborative environment
              Architect, design, deliver, test, and troubleshoot complex data implementations
              Work with solution architects to improve data strategy, quality and governance
              Guide, mentor and influence architectural guidelines and principles adoption
              Work closely with both business and external users to quickly deliver high-quality applications
              Work collaboratively with our business leaders to drive adoption of our solutions
             Required skills include:
              2-5 years&#8217; experience in Big Data, data science, machine learning
              5+ years&#8217; experience in Database Administration, Design and Development
              5+ years&#8217; experience in Data warehouse/mart experience
              Cloud &#8211; private/hybrid/public, big data, stream analytics experience (cloudera, Hadoop, sparc)
              Experience with Open Source and NoSQL technologies at an Enterprise level
              Knowledge of Relational Database Design, Dimensional Database Design, Star / Snow-flakes schema
              Data modeling experience and data structures knowledge
              Experience in designing big data/data warehouse for data integration from enterprise wide applications/systems
              Knowledge of efficient bulk processing designs for data acquisition from diverse data sources
              Knowledge and understanding of ETL design and data processing mechanisms.
              Experience with various ingestion patterns for large data sets
              Ability to formulate solution to handle a new situation presented related to integrating various disparate systems to Warehouse.
              Knowledge about data replication, data masking, and performance factors, etc.
              Ability combine strong analytical and technical skills with the business skills to engage with a wide range of stakeholders
              Excellent verbal and written communication skills
              Experience following Agile methodologies
              Database specific qualifications or certifications preferred
              Familiarity with:&#160; C#.NET, Elastic, Angular JS, Node.JS, HTML5, CSS, RESTful Services, Redis are a plus
              TO APPLY:
             To be considered please apply to this requisition using the link provided, go to the CTG Careers page at
             (click on North America tab) and apply to 17202437&#160; For additional information or an immediate interview, please contact Mary Nelson at
             or call 254-542-0013.&#160;This is a high priority project and we are seeking immediate responses.
            CTG is the most reliable IT services provider, built on 50 years of meeting our commitments to make technology work for clients and deliver real business value. CTG provides industry-specific IT strategy, services, and solutions that address the business needs and staffing challenges of clients in high-growth industries, including major technology companies, large corporations, and government entities located in North America and Western Europe.
            CTG's greatest asset is its people, and as such we are committed to providing employees programs and processes to support their performance, hone their skills, and advance in their careers. This commitment is reflected by CTG being named a Best Places to Work Company by Modern Healthcare (since 2013) in North America, and a Best Places to Work Company in the United Kingdom (2013), Belgium (since 2007), and Luxembourg (since 2011).
            CTG will consider for employment all qualified applicants including those with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable local, state, and federal laws.
            CTG is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and strong advocate of workforce diversity. Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Disability/Veteran.
              Job summary
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Computer Task Group (CTG)
               CTG is the most reliable IT services provider, built on 50 years of meeting our commitments to make technology work for our clients and deliver real business value.Our reputation for reliability is based on open and honest communication about what we will deliver, how much it will cost, and how long it will take. We deliver high-value, industry-specific strategies, solutions, services, and staffing&#8212;with clear alignment on our clients&#8217; goals and metrics for each project.&#13;
This alignment enables CTG to make technology work FOR our clients&#8212;maximizing the value they achieve from new and legacy systems, enabling IT to operate more effectively and efficiently, and filling skills gaps to allow them to focus on their most critical projects.
                Jobs from CTG
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.