   Michael Page USA Job Application for Senior Software Engineer | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
           A major player within the statistical analysis space is expanding quickly and growing out their Chicago office. This firm builds consumer facing products from scratch that are used by hundreds of thousands of daily users and is looking for a senior full stack developer to work on new projects and applications. These applications utilize cloud computing, distributed systems, and machine learning.
            Client Details
           The company has been around for over 40 years but has the energy and vibe of a new start up. Developers work hand-in hand with PhD level data scientists, and front office sales to deliver applications used across all industries.
            Description
           Building new applications on a new team. This Chicago office was created to take on all new hires and applications for the firm. This is an agile and test driven environment that encourages team-work and forward thinking with regards to tools and technologies used to build their apps.
            Profile
           The ideal candidate will have:
           - Full stack web development experience within a highly distributed environment.
           - 3+ years C# or C++ experience
           - Knowledge of Azure, AWS, and NoSQL databases
           - A thirst for knowledge and the ability to work on multiple projects at a time, web, desktop, server side, and UI
            Job Offer
           Base and bonus, flexible hours, and an opportunity for advancement within a rapidly growing office.
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Charlie Ginzburg
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Michael Page International
                Michael Page is one of the world's leading professional recruitment consultancies, specializing in the placement of candidates in permanent, contract, temporary and interim positions with clients around the world.
                The Group has operations in the Americas, UK, Continental Europe, Asia-Pacific and Africa.
                Jobs from Michael Page USA
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.