   Senior Manager Data Analytics / Data Science Job in Chicago 60601, Illinois US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Senior Manager Data Analytics ...
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Senior Manager Data Analytics ...
             About Kforce
              Kforce
             continues to look for experienced technology professionals to join our team of great people! We have been matching job seekers and employers since 1962 and specialize in the areas of functional and business management, systems applications development, enterprise data management and infrastructure for commercial and government organizations. Kforce has established relationships with top employers and offers career advice and training at no cost to our consultants. We are committed to "Great People = Great Results" and offer exciting job opportunities across the United States.
             .
             The Opportunity
             Senior Manager Data Analytics / Data Science
                RESPONSIBILITIES:
              Kforce has a client that is seeking a Data Science Manager in Chicago, IL.
              Summary:
              The newly formed Enterprise Intelligence software (EIS) Business Unit is looking for a Principal Data Scientist to help drive their rapidly moving data-driven application strategy. This is an opportunity to build and lead a high performance data science team that will transform their customer's real-time decision making and work-flows by leveraging new data streams that close visibility gaps and deliver high value outcomes. This position reports directly to the VP/GM, Enterprise Intelligence Software Business Unit.
              Responsibilities:
                Build and lead a high performance data science team to support the company's Enterprise Asset Intelligence strategy
                Drive a comprehensive analytics strategy including data collection and mining, data engineering, predictive analytics, and machine learning
                Develop predictive models and analytic capabilities based on machine learning, mathematical modeling, pattern recognition, and data mining techniques
                Contribute to the design, develop, and delivery of data-driven applications and solutions with broad industry application and aligned with business and market requirements
                Strong partner to Product Development, Program Management, and Business Development in execution of strategy
                Thought Leadership and spokesperson for both internal and external audiences as needed
                REQUIREMENTS:
                Master's degree or Ph.D. in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Engineering
                4 - 8 years of directly related experience
                Conversant in Deep Learning
                Proven ability to recruit and lead high performance teams
                Expertise in data visualization and storytelling to translate complex data into customer insight
                Demonstrated expertise in analytic development tools, statistical tools, and programming languages
                Expertise in modeling, feature extraction, and the development and application of predictive analytics, prescriptive analytics, and machine learning
                Hands-on advanced proficiency in handling and analyzing large data sets
                Current in new data science technologies and industry trends
                Ability to thrive in a team environment and adapt to quickly changing priorities
                Strong problem solving and analytical ability
                Strong communication skills
                Ability to quickly and efficiently adapt to new concepts
                Business acumen
                Background in computer vision or location technologies would be a plus
                Commercial experience in Retail, Healthcare or Transportation and Logistics would be a plus
              Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
             Job Information
               Location:
                Chicago, IL 60601
               Job Status:
               Full Time, Employee
               Career Level:
               Manager (Manager/Supervisor of Staff)
               Posted:
               4/7/2017
               Job Code:
               1300~EQG~1597127P1