   Senior Data Scientist - iLoan, a OneMain brand | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join our expanding Digital Operations team. We're swimming in data, and are looking for curious data-minded individuals to build models to fight fraud, increase operational efficiency, and improve our customer experience.
          The ideal candidate will be highly motivated, reliable, detailed, and driven to produce high quality work. This individual must thrive in a fast-paced environment.
           What we will want you to do:
           Use machine learning and statistical algorithms to develop and implement predictive models from structured and unstructured data sources.
           Analyze and mine large quantities of data to find patterns and insights using statistical software (R, Python, etc.)
           Lead implementation of key recommendations by identifying cross-functional stakeholders, developing requirements, ensuring accurate implementation, monitoring impact, and optimizing results.
           Explore and pilot new tools and techniques to ensure the company's analytical capabilities are best in class
           Skills or Experience we want you to have:
           BS/MS degree in an analytical or data-driven discipline
           Minimum of 2-4 years relevant practical experience
           Machine learning modeling experience including clustering, regression and ensemble models for prediction
           Expertise in at least one statistical software package, preferably R
           Strong knowledge of relational databases and exceptional SQL skills
           Proven capability for critical thinking and problem solving
           Ability to perform complex quantitative analysis and translate results into meaningful business insights
           Have demonstrated verbal and written communication skills, and ability to interface with Business, Analytics, and IT organizations
           Bonus points if you have:
           Graph database experience, especially Neo4j, or a general understanding of graph theory
           Experience working with Git
           Familiarity with Linux and shell scripting
           Consumer lending experience
           Why iLoan?
           We possess varying talents but share a common goal.
          The iLoan team is built of incredible talent from a mix of industries and backgrounds. Everybody has a voice. Everybody contributes. The team collaborates and succeeds together.
           We&#8217;re uniquely positioned for success.
          Envision a young company with a startup feel but&#160;distinct advantages. As part of OneMain, we operate with the financial backing of one of the nation&#8217;s largest personal loan lenders. This stability allows us to be agile while further scaling in a growing marketplace.
           We strive to make an impact.
          In less than a year we rebuilt and relaunched OneMain's digital platform while building out the iLoan lending platform from idea to launch. That said, there are a lot of exciting challenges and opportunities ahead. This is just the beginning.
           We seek excellence.
          We&#8217;re self-aware, reflective, and learn from our mistakes. Our team is&#160;built on strong common sense and logic. We&#8217;re not afraid to speak up and make suggestions for improvement.
           We encourage continuous learning.
          Each employee gets an annual learning budget to&#160;elevate their skills. Attend a conference. Take a night class. If you find something that will take you to the next level, we will support you.
           We&#8217;re social.
          It&#8217;s not all work around here. Daily catered lunches serve up the perfect setting to get to know your colleagues. Bi-weekly happy hours tend to spark up a few interesting&#160;conversations as well. Simply put - we believe in the power of socializing both on and off the clock.
           We take care of our employees.
          Working late? Have dinner on us and a free ride home on our company account. Prefer a certain keyboard or set of headphones? Tell us and we&#8217;ll foot the&#160;bill. It&#8217;s the little things that count.
            We&#8217;re iLoan.
           You know about us, we&#8217;d like to know about you. Let&#8217;s chat.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Fabergent, Chicago - IL
             US Foods Inc., Rosemont - IL
             Kforce Inc, Chicago - IL
             Matrix Resources, Chicago - IL
             Michael Page USA, Chicago - IL
             General Electric, Chicago - IL
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Senior Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}