   Sr. Data Scientist - Research Methods - The Nielsen Company LLC | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          Sr. Data Scientist - Research Methods-1702712
            Description
           The Nielsen Company is the largest global measurement company in the world with unique measurement technologies, assets, and data that make it one of the most interesting and challenging places for a measurement or data scientist to work. &#160;We focus on what consumers watch, listen to, and buy in over 95 countries.
           Data Science is core to what Nielsen does, and our research projects have high visibility in directly impacting the results of our business and our clients. This position is in the Research Methods team within Nielsen&#8217;s Data Science organization. The Research Methods team provides leadership and expertise across Nielsen to develop innovative, statistically sound, and cost effective research methodologies in support of the strategic business initiatives. We play a pivotal role in designing best practices and approaches for data collection, respondent recruitment, and panelist retention.
           Job Purpose
             Work with cross-functional teams to design, implement, and test new consumer and audience measurement methodologies.
             Identify and implement methods and best practices to improve respondent cooperation and retention, especially among hard-to-reach populations (e.g., Hispanics, Asians, young adults).
             Lead the design and testing of data collection methodologies for Nielsen panels and surveys.
             Provide support for technical guidance and training of Nielsen operational teams, including Call Center and In-Person Field recruitment teams.
           Responsibilities:
             Lead complex cross-functional research projects.
             Direct research, planning, and budget for large and small-scale methodology evaluations and tests.
             Use both qualitative and quantitative methods to improve survey methods and recruitment approaches.
             Balance cost, quality, and schedule requirements to design measurement methods and approaches. &#160;Adapt as needed.
             Conduct usability research to develop and evaluate web/mobile applications and other electronic materials.
             Estimate research &amp; development costs for project budgets.
             Correspond and communicate with internal departments and external suppliers regarding complex project requirements and schedules.
             Stay abreast of procedural and technological developments in survey and measurement research methodology and changing technologies in the marketplace. &#160;Proactively identify applications of these latest developments to improve existing methods.
             Provide consultation on methodological and procedural factors that impact respondent cooperation and data quality such as questionnaire design and survey mode effects.
             Manage and analyze complex survey/panel data including developing data files, conducting quality reviews , data editing, documentation, weighting, and imputation.
             Author technical proposals, reports, and articles. &#160;Present research to internal stakeholders and at research conferences
              .
            Qualifications
            Required Qualifications:
             Master&#8217;s degree or PhD in Social or Behavioral/Social Sciences field such as Survey Methodology, Statistics/Sampling, Psychology, Sociology or related field or Bachelors with 3 years research experience.
             Knowledge of survey or similar research operations including questionnaire design, cognitive interviews, sampling, and survey administration.
             Knowledge of multiple modes of data collection methods, including online and mobile surveys.
             Knowledge of mixed-mode survey designs and panel recruitment and maintenance.
             Ability to design sound methodologies within cost and operational constraints. &#160;Understanding of measurement error in data collection methods with ability to mitigate using cost effective procedures.
             High motivation with demonstrated capacity to work on multiple projects with set deadlines, under pressure.
             Collaborative team player with willingness and desire to work with global cross-functional teams of varying sizes.
             Creative aptitude and ability and desire to explore opportunities for new research innovations.
             Excellent oral and written communication skills required for presenting to and collaborating with groups of diverse backgrounds.
             Ability to explain complex research concepts to individuals without a survey research background.
             Qualitative research and analysis skills (including cognitive interviews, in-depth interviews, focus groups, etc.).
             Quantitative research and analysis skills including competence with statistical software (Python or R preferred).
             Experience with Google Suite (Docs, Sheets, Slides, etc.).
            Desired Qualifications:
             Proficiency in non-English languages and understanding of multiple cultures.
             Knowledge of advanced cognitive or behavioral methodologies (e.g., eye tracking).
             Knowledge of large-scale, complex multi-stage surveys in Market Research or Government setting.
            ABOUT NIELSEN
           Nielsen is a global performance management company that provides a comprehensive understanding of what consumers Watch and Buy. Nielsen's Watch segment provides media and advertising clients with Total Audience measurement services across all devices where content &#8212; video, audio and text &#8212; is consumed. The Buy segment offers consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers the industry's only global view of retail performance measurement. By integrating information from its Watch and Buy segments and other data sources, Nielsen provides its clients with both world-class measurement as well as analytics that help improve performance.
           Nielsen, an S&amp;P 500 company (NYSE: NLSN), has operations in over 100 countries that cover more than 90% of the world's population.&#160; Nielsen prides itself on being a place where employees can be themselves, make a difference, and grow their careers with the company.&#160; It has been named one of the &#8220;Top 50 Companies for Diversity&#8221; by DiversityInc for three years running and was selected as one of the &#8220;Top 35 Companies for Leaders who want Flexibility&#8221; by FlexJobs.&#160; For more information visitwww.nielsen.com.
            Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class.
            *LI-MJ1
           Job
          :&#160;&#160;Data Science
           Primary Location
          :&#160;&#160;North America-US-IL-Schaumburg
           Other Locations
          :&#160;&#160;North America-US-NY-New York, North America-US-FL-Tampa Bay, North America-US-MD-Columbia_MD
           Organization
          :&#160;&#160;Data Science
           Schedule
          :&#160;&#160;Full-time
           Shift
          :&#160;&#160;Day
           Travel
          :&#160;&#160;Yes, 15 % of the Time
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             US Foods Inc., Rosemont - IL
             Fabergent, Chicago - IL
             Matrix Resources, Downers Grove - IL
             Matrix Resources, Chicago - IL
             Anthem, Inc, Chicago - IL
             Anthem, Inc, Westchester - IL
             Anthem, Inc, Deerfield - IL
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Sr. Data Scientist - Research Methods
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}