   Matrix Resources Job Application for Data Scientist | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
           DIRECT HIRE - DATA SCIENTIST - WESTERN SUBURBS Our client, a large healthcare provider with offices in the Western Suburbs, currently seeks a Data Scientist for a direct hire position.
            How you will be challenged:
             Produce novel insights to help inform business strategy through the use of machine learning and statistical modeling techniques on large data-sets.
             Create and test hypotheses to understand business problems.
             Collect, cleanse, standardize and analyze healthcare data from internal and third party sources.
             Support internal ad hoc research.
             Maintain a current knowledge of emerging tools and techniques in machine learning, statistical modeling and analytics.
             Continually seek and drive opportunities to increase product quality and customer satisfaction.
             Effectively communicate results of analyses to non-technical audiences.
            What makes you competitive:
             MS in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or related concentration or equivalent work experience.
             3+ years' experience analyzing large data sets.
             Strong statistical analysis and data modeling skills.
             Familiarity with clinical grouping and severity adjustment tools: DRGs, APR - DRGs, etc.
             Experience with programming languages and data analysis tools (SQL, SAS, R and/or Python).
             Experience with healthcare data &#8211; both clinical and financial.
             Experience with clinical coding systems: ICD - 9 / 10, CPT - 4, HCPCS, etc.
             Experience with technical documentation of code and processes.
             Experience with ETL (Extract, Transform and Load) tools.
              Job summary
               Follow this company
               About this company
              MATRIX Resources
               MATRIX brings a true Agile perspective to technology staffing and solutions. This makes it easier for candidates to get great work and for clients to get great work done. What&#8217;s behind it all? Three things: (1) more agility &#8211; we think fast, act fast, and bring more agility to Agile itself; (2) more stability &#8211; with 30+ years in business, incredibly low turnover, and a reputation for doing the right thing; and (3) an ability to see below the surface &#8211; in our recruiting, our consulting, and everything we do. It&#8217;s how we&#8217;ve become one of the top 25 staffing firms in the U.S. and the go-to partner for some of the toughest development projects our clients face.
                Jobs from Matrix Resources
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.