   Machine Learning Data Scientist II - American Family Insurance Group | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
           At American Family Insurance, we&#8217;re driven by our customers and employees. That&#8217;s why we provide more than just a job &#8211; we provide opportunity. Whether you&#8217;re already part of our team in search of a new challenge or new to our company and ready for what&#8217;s next, you&#8217;re in the right place. Every dream is a journey that starts with a single step. Start your journey right here. Join our team. Bring your dreams.
            Quick Stats:
            Location:
          IL Chicago Office, WI Madison-Fairchild Ste 402
            Job ID:
          R3089 Machine Learning Data Scientist II (Open)
           Summary:
           Preferred Requirements
           &#8226; PhD in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Sciences or Engineering, or related field
           &#8226; Experience with open source packages for
           o modeling (e.g., Torch, Tensorflow, scikit-learn, xgboost),
           o visualization (e.g., matplotlib, ggplot, vega, d3.js) or
           o data processing (e.g., Spark, Stanford CoreNLP, gensim)
           &#8226; Relational database and SQL skills
           &#8226; Experience with cloud infrastructures
           &#8226; Experience with tools and best practices for software engineering, including version control, testing, and review practices
           Relocation assistance is available.
           Offer to selected candidate in contingent on signing a non-disclosure agreement for proprietary information, trade secrets, and inventions.
           Offer to selected candidate will be made contingent on the results of applicable background checks.
           This position is responsible for producing innovative solutions through the use of advanced data analytics from complex and high-dimensional datasets. Applies knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries to meet a variety of business challenges. Designs, develops, and evaluates predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to business solutions. Conducts the complex and vital analytics work critical to the organization. Assists with complex projects that yield actionable insights used by senior management to make strategic, data-driven business decisions.
            Job Description:
            Primary Accountabilities
            Research &amp; Model Development (60%)
            Creates innovative vision and strategy, along with business application and modeling framework, for new datasets, and discovers insights and relationships from large/complex datasets through investigative research using advanced mathematical and/or statistical techniques.
            Explores data using a variety of advanced statistical (e.g., data mining) techniques to proactively identify relationships, create insights and answer business questions or guide future model development.
            Builds the hypotheses, identifies research data attributes and determines best approach to address business issues.
            Combines business acumen with mathematical capabilities to build complex predictive models to support business objectives.
            Builds complex programs for running mathematical or statistical tests on data and for understanding complex relationships across attributes.
            Incorporates findings and provides industry and competitor insights as part of model development and enhancement.
            Analytics Research &amp; Strategy (25%)
            Researches and maintains awareness of industry best practices and business strategies.
            Brings new and innovative ideas and approaches to develop business solutions.
            Monitors industry and competitor trends to determine potential impact to predictive models.
            Incorporates findings and provides industry and competitor insights as part of model development and enhancement.
            Identifies, leverages and develops expertise in emerging technologies, open source tools, and harnesses new techniques (e.g., machine learning).
            Networks with and contributes thought leadership to the broader external analytics community. Builds awareness of leading techniques, tools, and data resources.
            Research Interpretation and Communication (15%)
            Assists with complex research or analytics projects related to large, complex business initiatives.
            Interacts with company senior leadership to inform on industry trends and emerging research topics. Serves as internal expert for new areas of analytics exploration.
            Responsibilities:
            Travel Requirements
            This position requires travel up to 5% of the time
           Specialized Knowledge and Skills Requirements
            Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service
            Ability to work as part of a team and to communicate effectively.
            Demonstrated experience communicating complex findings in a clear and concise manor to divisional management.
            Demonstrated experience developing and managing complex projects.
            Demonstrated experience formulating, approaching, and solving complex analytical problems using a quantitative, scientific approach.
            Demonstrated experience in machine learning, predictive modeling, or statistics / data mining using large amounts of structured, semi structured, and unstructured data.
            Demonstrated experience using analytically oriented languages such as R, Julia, Python, or Matlab.
            Demonstrated experience working with large, complex datasets using big data technologies and languages such as the Hadoop ecosystem and Python, Java, or Scala.
           Education/Licenses/Designations
            Master's Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Sciences or Engineering, or related field.
           Stay connected: Join our Talent Community!
           LI:DB1, MONSTER-C
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             United Recruiters, Marseilles - IL
             General Electric, Chicago - IL
             Matrix Resources, Chicago - IL
             Bond Street Group, Chicago - IL
             Fabergent, Chicago - IL
             Anthem, Inc, Chicago - IL
             Rush University Medical Center, Chicago - IL
             Rush University Medical Center, Chicago - IL
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Machine Learning Data Scientist II
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}