   Harvey Nash USA Job Application for Data Analyst (Jr./Mid) | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
             Title:
            Data Analyst (Jr. - Mid Level)
             Location:
            Chicago, IL
             Client:
            Technology Startup Creating An Experience Platform For Traveler's
             Length:
            ~6 months with opportunity for long term
             Summary:
            The Data Analyst will join a small team of two Data Scientists spearheading the organizations visualization tools. While the Data Scientists will focus on developing algorithms, the Data Analyst will write queues against the database. This individual will have the opportunity to choose their preferred data visualization software while working on the industry's first Experience Management Platform for travelers.
             Requirements:
             3-5 years of experience working as a Data Analyst
             Extensive experience within SQL
             Experience working with data visualization software's such as Tableau/Looker/Logi
             Elastic Search experience is a huge plus
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Harvey Nash USA
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Harvey Nash, Inc
                For more than two decades, Harvey Nash has been providing businesses around the globe with the high-caliber IT recruiting, IT outsourcing/offshoring and executive search solutions that connect them with the talented IT professionals they need to perform, grow and compete.
                Our Enterprise Technology Delivery model sets us apart in addressing the needs of enterprise customers with high-volume requirements, enabled with VMS technology and guided by MSPs.
                With comprehensive round-the-clock IT recruiting support, Enterprise Technology Delivery leverages centralized Harvey Nash onshore and offshore sourcing and recruiting resources who hold computer science degrees. This approach ensures the right balance of quick response times with quality talent, while delivering in a way that is truly unique to the industry.
                Also setting us apart is our commitment to professional development and diversity in technology.
                Jobs from Harvey Nash USA
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.