   Fabergent Job Application for Sr Data Scientist | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
             Our client, an SEO technology company, is re-architecting their DW and ETL processes and looking for someone who is an expert in R, has several years&#8217; experience using SQL Server or similar RDBMS tools, ability to pull data from multiple data sources, clean, data, and analyze.&#160; Experience creating predictive models in R is a must-have.
             They have predictive models that operate on observation data from search engines (bing / google, etc).&#160; We predict the CTR of various ads using many different inputs.&#160; We need to evaluate our models and the person responsible for this has left.
             Someone familiar with search engine marketing data would be a very big plus.
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Sree Ambadipudi
               Phone
               201-378-0113
               About this company
              Fabergent
               At Fabergent, we are committed to your professional and financial success. We'll evaluate your background, experience and qualifications, and then recommend consulting jobs that are the best match for your goals.
               We provide strategic workforce solutions to meet the flexible staffing requirements of clients looking for talented IT professionals. Once you get in touch with us, we can go a long way in helping you achieve your job search objectives and long-term career goals. As a Fabergent consultant, you can enhance your credentials with project work with some of the most recognizable brands in the global economy.
                Jobs from Fabergent
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.