   Data Scientist - Modeling Job in Chicago 60606, Illinois US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Data Scientist - Modeling
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Data Scientist - Modeling
             About Kforce
              Kforce
             continues to look for experienced technology professionals to join our team of great people! We have been matching job seekers and employers since 1962 and specialize in the areas of functional and business management, systems applications development, enterprise data management and infrastructure for commercial and government organizations. Kforce has established relationships with top employers and offers career advice and training at no cost to our consultants. We are committed to "Great People = Great Results" and offer exciting job opportunities across the United States.
             .
             The Opportunity
             Data Scientist - Modeling
                RESPONSIBILITIES:
              Kforce has a nationally recognized client that is looking to add a Data Scientist to their team due to growth in Chicago, IL. The client is looking to expand its Machine Learning team with additional practitioners to invest in additional products and services in this disruptive area.
              Essential Functions:
                Leverage large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights
                Collaborate with analytic and data teams to set objectives, approaches, and work plans
                Research and evaluate new analytical methodologies, approaches, and solutions
                Develop and validate statistical forecasting models and tools
                Interpret and communicate analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers
                REQUIREMENTS:
                Advanced degree (Masters at a minimum) in a quantitative field in one or more of the following: Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, Physics (or similar academic pedigree) and experience with Machine Learning, (a.k.a. Artificial Intelligence or Cognitive Learning)
                4+ years of experience in advanced analytics and machine learning model development and validation
                2+ years of experience working in industry, leading analytic-based projects, and delivering results within scope, funding, and duration
                Modeling experience
                Neural Networks (Feed-forward, CNN, RNN, etc)
                Parallel Processing (CPU and GPU)
                Cluster and cloud computing: Spark, Mesos, Azure ML, etc
                Excellent communication skills
                Expert level programming skills in R
                Experience with a statistical package and various programming languages such as R, Python, Java, C++, SAS, MATLAB, etc
                Experience writing SQL queries and linking to enable read/write to the database
                The capacity for a high degree of autonomy and out-of-the-box thinking
              Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
             Job Information
               Location:
                Chicago, IL 60606
               Job Status:
               Full Time, Employee
               Career Level:
               Experienced (Non-Manager)
               Posted:
               4/17/2017
               Job Code:
               1300~EQG~1606127P1