   Data Scientist Job in Lowell 72745, Arkansas US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Data Scientist
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Data Scientist
        Thank you for your interest in the Data Scientist.
       To begin the application process, please enter your information below.
       We will save a record of this application.
       By applying to a job using Monster.com you are agreeing to comply with and be subject to the Monster
       and
       for use of our website.
            About MISource
            MISource, Inc. is an International Staffing Solutions Provider.
            Data Scientist
             Job Overview
               Company:
                MISource, Inc.
               Posted On:
               4/12/2017
               Location:
                 Lowell, AR 72745
               Salary/Wages:
                75,000.00 - 100,000.00 $  /year
                Relocation  assistance
               Job Status/Type:
                Full Time
                Employee
               Job Category:
                Business/Strategic Management
               Occupation:
                Business Analysis/Research
               Career Level:
                Entry Level
               Education Level:
                Bachelor's Degree
             Company Overview
             For over 14 years,
              MlSource
             has delivered quality staffing and recruiting solutions to leading employers, both domestically and internationally. At MISource, our core belief is that by building great relationships with exceptional candidates, we are able to establish long-term partnerships with satisfied Clients. Each day, our team strives to match candidates to career opportunities, not simply based on a technical skill set, but also by understanding the culture of the clients we serve. By building deep relationships with our Clients and understanding their staffing needs beyond the job descriptions, we are a leading staffing partner in the markets we serve, matching our vast network of talent to our great Client partners.
                Follow us
            Job Description
                About Us:
               At MiSource Inc., we connect individuals from a variety of industries with respected companies, both nationally and internationally. Each day, our Recruiters are presenting our clients with talented industry professionals for their most in-demand positions. To accomplish this, the MiSource staffing team will invest the time to understand your goals, work experiences, and career objectives. To search for other exciting opportunities in your area, visit our website at
                Data Scientist
               Our client is a leader in the trucking and transportation industry. They have set the industry standard in technology and operations. This is an exciting and growing company!
               ESSENTIAL DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES
                Develop relationships with business partners to enhance understanding of business issues and create value for the organization.
                Identify and prioritize enterprise data analytics opportunities.
                Lead data mining and analytics projects with high potential return.
                Invent and quickly iterate novel solutions to challenging data-related problems.
                Interpret the results of analyses to drive insight.
                Develop scalable and efficient methods for large scale data analyses and model development and deployment.
                Collaborate with developers, program managers, and product managers in an open, creative environment.
                Incorporate a continuous improvement model enhancement practice in all analytics applications.
                Lead the development of innovative and next generation supply chain insight analytics services.
               KEY REQUIREMENTS
                Advanced Degree (Ph.D. preferred) with a focus on Analytics, Statistical Sciences, Operations Research, Economics, Finance or a related Business quantitative discipline
                5+ years of real world analytical solution building experience
                Data mining technical knowledge and skills including: decision trees, multivariate analysis, segmentation modeling, factor analysis, regression analysis, forecasting, and machine learning
                Expertise in R, SAS Enterprise Miner, or IBM SPSS Modeler or other analytical software
                Intellectual curiosity and commitment to teaching data analytics concepts to others
                Experience in leading and developing data science teams a plus
                Contact
               MiSource, Inc. PH: 877-543-9540
                midatlanticrecruiters@misource.com