   Associate Data Scientist - Wal-Mart | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
        Position Description
        * Demonstrates up-to-date expertise and applies this to the development, execution, and improvement of action plans
        * Develops analytical models to drive analytic insights
        * Leads small and participates in large data analytics project teams
        * Manages the continuous improvement of data science and analytics
        * Models compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity
        * Presents data insights and recommendations to key stakeholders
        * Provides and supports the implementation of business solutions
        Minimum Qualifications
        * Bachelors degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology or related field and 7 years experience in an analytics related field OR Masters degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology or related field and 5 years experience in an analytics related field.
        Additional Preferred Qualifications
        * 1 year experience with big data analytics.
        * 5 years experience with SQL and relational databases (for example, DB2, Oracle, SQL Server).
        * 5 years experience with statistical programming languages (for example, SAS, R).
        * Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics and 10 years experience in an analytics related field.
        * Certificate in business analytics, data mining, or statistical analysis.
        * Doctoral degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, or Mathematics and 3 years experience in an analytics related field.
        * Master's degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, or Mathematics and 6 years experience in an analytics related field.
        Employment Type:
        Full Time
        Position Type:
        Salary
        Shift:
        Company Summary
        Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) serves customers and members more than 208 million times per week at more than 8,600 retail units under 59 different banners in 15 countries. With fiscal year 2010 sales of $405 billion, Wal-Mart employs more than 2 million associates worldwide.
        Req ID:
        708809BR
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Jasco Products Company, Inc., Bentonville - AR
             Bankers Life, Fayetteville - AR
             Advantage Solutions, Bentonville - AR
             Selective Restaurant Recruiters, Rogers - AR
             MISource, Inc., Lowell - AR
             Analytic Recruiting, Inc., Seattle - WA
             Management Recruiters of Woodbury, Fair Lawn - NJ
             EBSI, Gaithersburg - MD
             JHUAPL, Columbia - MD
             Corporate Consulting Services, Inc., Boston - MA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Associate Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}