   Belcan Corporation Job Application for Big Data Engineer | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            Our client in Greenville, SC has an immediate need for a
             Big Data Engineer!
             Position Purpose/Scope:
            This position will provide complete application lifecycle development, deployment, and operations support for Big Data solutions and infrastructure. In this role, you will partner with product owners, data scientists, solutions engineers, and business analysts to facilitate the development, automation, and seamless delivery of analytics solutions into Big Data clusters.
             Position Responsibilities/Accountabilities:
             Implement and enhance complex big data solutions with a focus on collecting, parsing, managing, analyzing, and visualizing large data sets that produce valuable business insights and discoveries.
             Determine the required infrastructure, services, and software required to build advanced analytics solutions, both on premise and in the cloud.
             Develop prototypes and proof of concepts for specified business challenges.
             Assist data scientists with exploration and analysis activities.
             Understand advanced algorithms and apply problem solving experience to build high-performance, parallel, and distributed solutions.
             Perform code and solution review activities, then recommend enhancements that improve efficiencies, performance, stability, and lower support costs.
             Configure and conduct tuning exercises on Hadoop environments.
             Quickly understand and apply new technologies and solution approaches.
             Apply the latest DevOps and Agile methodologies to improve delivery time
             Document requirements and configurations, as well as, clarify ambiguous specs
              Position Competencies
              Education
              Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering
              Experience
              3+ years enterprise Big Data Engineering experience within any Hadoop environment
              5+ years enterprise software engineering experience with object-oriented design, coding and testing patterns, as well as, experience in engineering (commercial or open source) software platforms and large-scale data infrastructures
              Training
              Professional Hadoop training
              Licenses and/or Certifications
              (Prefer) Hortonworks or Cloudera certifications
             Belcan is a leading provider of qualified personnel to many of the world's most respected enterprises. We offer excellent opportunities for contract/temporary, temp-to-hire, and direct assignments in the technical, IT, professional, clerical, and light industrial fields. We are the employer of choice for thousands worldwide. Our overriding goal is to provide quality staffing solutions that help people, organizations, and communities succeed. Belcan is a team-driven Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity. For more information, please visit our website at
              Job summary
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Belcan Corporation
                Belcan Corporation provides engineering, staffing, and other flexible workforce solutions to clients around the globe. A dedication to the success of our clients and employees, along with a commitment to a core set of beliefs that start with integrity, has led to over 50 years of growth and success. From jet engines to electronics, heavy equipment to pharmaceuticals, and distribution centers to manufacturing, Belcan takes a partnering approach to provide customer-driven solutions that are flexible, scalable, and cost-effective. Our extraordinary technical expertise, process excellence, and unmatched customer dedication have made Belcan the most trusted and respected name in our business. In summary, we give our clients a competitive edge through innovation in how work gets done.
                Ralph G. Anderson founded Belcan in Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1958. We have more than 6,000-plus employees in 49 locations including 26 engineering design centers and 23 TechServices locations, serving more than 600 active clients globally.
                Belcan received "2015 Best of Staffing Talent Satisfaction" and "2015 Best of Staffing Client Satisfaction" awards.
                Jobs from Belcan Corporation
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.