   Experis Job Application for Web Developer (PHP) | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
           Through implementation of effective cybersecurity solutions, we support security awareness, readiness, resilience and response to cyber incidents. Our extensive customer base has benefited from the leading-edge work our security engineers and data scientists perform in maintaining and advancing situational awareness of the current cyber threat landscape.
           JOB DESCRIPTION:
           Team develops web applications for a large government entity that provide comprehensive, paperless management of many physical security business processes. Through regular interaction with the customer, we help streamline these business processes, gather requirements for the applications, and propose technological solutions.
           KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
           On-site design, development, and support of web applications in PHP/MySQL
           Analyze, test, and resolve issues with application software
           Analyze and adapt existing software to meet customer needs
           REQUIREMENTS:
           3 years of experience plus Bachelors Degree in related field (or 4 years equivalent experience)
           3 years of experience working with a combination of PHP, MySQL, and one or more of the following development languages: C, C#, VB, .NET, and/or Java
           3 years of experience working with HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, and CSS
           PREFERRED SKILLS &amp; EXPERIENCES:
           Experience developing in a Windows environment
           Experience working with XML and web services
           Experience using version control systems for code integrity
           Experience with developing as part of a team
           Experience developing 508-compliant web applications
           Experience developing in an MVC framework
           *Must be able to receive a clearance so W2 candidates only please
           Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Experis
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Manpower
                  Experis
                is a division of ManpowerGroup focused on IT, Engineering and Finance. Experis also provides employers with innovative project solutions to improve operational efficiency, performance and cost containment.
                Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
&#169;
                ManpowerGroup - all rights reserved.
                Jobs from Experis
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.