   Senior Cyber Fraud Analyst - Noblis | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          and our wholly owned subsidiaries,
          and
          , are solving difficult problems that help our government and our country. We bring the best of scientific thought, management, and engineering expertise with a reputation for independence and objectivity. We support a wide range of government and industry clients in the areas of national security, intelligence, transportation, healthcare, environmental sustainability, and enterprise engineering. Learn more at
          .
            Why work at a Noblis company?
          Our employees find greater meaning in their work and balance the other things in life that matter to them. Our people are our greatest asset. They are exceptionally skilled, knowledgeable, team-oriented, and mission-driven individuals who want to do work that matters and benefits the public.
          Noblis has won numerous
          . Noblis maintains a drug-free workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race.
          Noblis is building a behavioral analytics team to support a wide variety of client needs focused on detecting fraudulent electronic transactions/usage. &#160;Cyber Fraud Forensic Analysis team members will work collaboratively with the Noblis Lead Data Analytics architects and data scientists to detect fraud through analytics capability and visualization in support of Federal Agencies. The Cyber Fraud Forensic Analyst will assist the customer in strengthening their security posture against fraudulent transactions, through detailed and accurate forensic cyber analysis and reporting.&#160; Analysts will work closely with government personnel and other Noblis professionals in a team environment.
          Responsibilities include:
            Traige and interpret system logs
            Detect fraud through analytic methodologies
            Identify new trends for report development and analysis
            Collaborate with Tool and Report Developers
            Recommend improvements for the detection of fraudulent behavior through the analysis of data from many disparate sources
            Author findings summary reports to enable partner organization awareness and response
            Understand business processes and synthesize potential fraud scenarios and risk indicators
            Interact directly with client project team members and operational staff
            Summarize findings in concise and coherent manner for delivery to client senior leadership
            THIS POSITION WILL BE SHIFT WORK. CURRENT NEED IS FOR 2
             nd
            and 3
             rd
            SHIFT
           Required Qualifications
           Must be able to obtain a Public Trust Clearance
           Bachelor&#8217;s degree in a technical or quantitative discipline, or equivalent combination of education and/or work experience
           A minimum of 8&#160;years of related experience in Cyber Fraud Analysis
           Understand network infrastructure; knowledge and understanding of Internet web transactions and associated traffic flows
           Advanced Microsoft Office Suite skills with a focus on Microsoft Excel
           Experience with Linux command line and editor
           Ability to make informed analytic judgements and accurately and thoroughly document findings in a written and/or presentation format
           Desire to help the customer make better business decisions through the analysis of cyber threats, system development and big data
           Strong Analytic and creative problem solving abilities
           Ability to perform pattern recognition and analysis
           Strong communication, written, and organizational skills
           Desired Qualifications
           Experience in forensic&#160;log analysis
           Progressive experience in data analytics; focus on internet web transactions is preferred
           Programming experience
           Ability to easily communicate complex ideas to senior executives
           Experience within or directly supporting 24/7 watch function; familiarity with visualization tools, response procedures and key challenges in a watch environment
           Highly inquisitive and ability to work both independently and in a collaborative setting
           Strong teamwork, communication and interpersonal skills
           Understanding of the current cyber, insider threat and cyber fraud landscape preferred
           Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Kforce Inc, Greenbelt - MD
             Sage Recruiting, Washington - DC
             Triumph Enterprises Inc, West Bethesda - MD
             Engility Corporation, Fort Belvoir - VA
             Project Performance Company, McLean - VA
             Green Key Resources, Metro Washington - DC
             Randstad Technologies, Washington DC - DC
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Senior Cyber Fraud Analyst
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}