   The Bartech Group Job Application for Data Scientists Analysts | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            Job Description
           If you are an experienced Data Scientists Analysts looking for a position with a leading company, Bartech can help! We are a leading staffing firm and our clients include some of the nation&#8217;s biggest companies. Our client has a need for a Data Scientists Analysts. This is a contract position; however it is not uncommon for assignments to transition into permanent positions with our client companies. If you have the background we are looking for, and you are interested in an opportunity to get your foot in the door with leading company, we want to talk with you!
             Data Scientists Analysts
             Job Responsibilities
            Your specific duties as a Data Scientists Analysts will include:
             This role offers a broad spectrum of technical challenges and requires hands on expertise in core Big data technologies.
             You will support Data operations and Analytics teams leverage Analytic Infrastructure capabilities and /Big data technologies, and work closely with IT teams on engineering/support of tools.
             Provide Analytic infrastructure / Big data technologies related support to Data operations and Analytic teams
             Grow online technical knowledge platform, identify best practices and develop guidelines for optimum usage of tools
             Manage projects to roll out and support tools to GDIA team members
               Data Scientists Analysts
               Job Requirements
              As a Data Scientists Analysts you must represent our company well by being responsible, punctual and motivated to go above and beyond the call of duty. You must also be highly detail-oriented and organized with excellent analytic and problem-solving abilities. It is also important that you display excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills.
             Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Information Systems
             3+ years of hands on experience with Big data and technologies including HDFS, Mapreduce, Pig, Hive, Sqoop, Flume, Oozie and NOSQL
             SPARK HDFS Mapreduce Pig Hive Sqoop Flume Oozie NOSQL Basic Project Management
             Strong experience in SPARK with more than two years of hands on experience developing data engineering solutions
             Experience managing teams/projects; good communication/collaboration skills
             Preferred
             Masters degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Information Systems
             Hands on experience developing Analytic solutions using R and Alteryx
             R Alteryx
             Data Scientists Analysts
             Benefits
            As a Data Scientists Analysts with Bartech, you will be working through an established and respected staffing organization with 39 years of serving as a trusted partner to our client companies. We are dedicated to providing our talent with personal, responsive attention, and will assign an employee care representative to answer any questions or concerns that you might have. Depending upon the client, the assignment and your performance, you can find potential opportunities for direct employment. Your hard work and professional dedication will be rewarded with competitive compensation, including benefits.
            Available benefits for Data Scientists Analysts position include (but are not limited to:
             Exceptional medical, dental, and vision
             401(k)
             Paid time off, including holidays
                Make the most of your experience!
                Apply now!
              Applicant must be eligible to work in the US for immediate opening.
               Keywords:
               Project Management, Analyst, Big Date, Hive
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Bartech Resumes
               Address
               17199 N Laurel Park Dr
               Suite 224
               Livonia, MI 48152-7903
               About this company
              The Bartech Group
                Bartech is a leading global workforce management and staffing solutions provider to Global 500 firms. Today we bill over $4.7 billion in revenue for clients worldwide who trust us to design, execute and manage sophisticated workforce management solutions, large-scale staffing engagements and strategic Business Process Outsourcing and consulting engagements.
                For over 40 years, Bartech has successfully recruited skilled professionals for leading businesses. Bartech is skilled in both high-volume professional contingent labor as well as targeted, low-volume staffing. Specializing in MSP/VMS program solutions, this means Bartech can deftly handle staffing needs of all sizes, all geographies and varying complexities. From engineers and developers to project managers, accountants and help desk specialists, Bartech carefully recruits and places seasoned and sought-after business professionals whose unique skills will bolster the teams they join.
                Jobs from The Bartech Group
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.