   Solutions Architect - NVIDIA | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
            Do you visualize your future at NVIDIA? WE DO!
           We are now looking for a&#160;Sr. Solutions Architect:
           We are now looking for a Solutions Architect based in the metro Washington, DC area.
           NVIDIA is searching for a world-class engineer/developer/scientist for an exciting role as a Solutions Architect, working with the latest in GPU hardware and software. &#160;You will further develop your knowledge of GPUs for high-performance computing in a range of applications from signal processing to deep learning and data analytics.
           The Solution Architect works with key NVIDIA customers in the Federal market, enabling them to execute projects with compelling productivity breakthroughs. &#160;You will work with some of the most highly regarded organizations in the Federal ecosystem, and your work will bring the latest technology to mission critical workflows, contributing to the enhanced safety, security and economic capability of our country.
           The Solution Architect is the first line of technical expertise between NVIDIA and our partners and customers. &#160;The Solution Architect duties can vary from developing software for proof-of-concept demonstrations, to developing relationships with key executives and managers in order to establish thought leadership and evangelize accelerated computing. &#160;You will engage with &#160;developers, scientific researchers, data scientists, IT managers and senior executives.
            What you&#8217;ll be doing:
              Assist NVIDIA Account Managers in supporting existing lighthouse accounts and driving new business in those accounts and new accounts.
              Own the technical relationship with your lighthouse accounts and assist your customers in building innovative solutions based on NVIDIA technology.
              Be an industry thought leader on integrating NVIDIA technology into applications built on Deep Learning, High Performance Data Analytics, Robotics, Signal Processing and other key applications.
              Write technical blog articles and give seminars on parallel programming, data analytics and deep learning using NVIDIA products.
              Be an internal champion for Data Analytics, Machine Learning, and Cyber among the NVIDIA technical community.
            What we need to see:
             5-7 years experience with development and application of Machine Learning, data analytics, or computer vision work flows.
             Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
             Ability to work independently with minimal day-to-day direction
             Experience in delivering instructor led workshops
             C/C++/Python/Java/Scala programming experience
              Experience with parallel programming development and optimization
              Experience with GPU computing and CUDA programming
              Strong teamwork and interpersonal skills
              Desire to be involved in multiple diverse and innovative projects
              Experience using scale-out cloud and/or HPC architectures for parallel programming
              Experience working with modern cloud computing tools such as Spark and Mesos.
              BS in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Data Science, Neuroscience, Experimental Psychology or equivalent work experience.
            Ways to stand out from the crowd:
             Experience with Deep Learning frameworks and tools, eg. Digits, Caffe, Torch, TensorFlow.
             Ability to hold a US DOD security clearance.
             CUDA optimization experience using NVIDIA&#8217;s parallel Nsight tools.
             Extensive experience designing and deploying large scale HPC and enterprise computing systems.
             Deep knowledge of the market and ecosystem around a specific federal government department or agency.
             MS or PhD in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Data Science, Neuroscience, Experimental Psychology or equivalent work experience.
           NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world&#8217;s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
           We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer.
           #deeplearning
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Collins Consulting, Inc., Arlington - VA
             Veredus, Herndon - VA
             Quadrant Inc, Arlington - VA
             Fulcrum IT Services, LLC, Centerville - VA
             Collabera, Herndon - VA
             Collabera, Richmond - VA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Solutions Architect
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}