   Data Scientist - comScore, Inc | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          Job Title: Data Scientist
          Location: Portland, OR
          Reports To: Statistical Research Management
          JOB FUNCTION
         The Data Scientist is part of the Statistical Operations and Data Science team that provides internal services to building and maintaining the data science methodologies comprising comScore&#8217;s projection system for national television, local television, OnDemand, and digital viewership in a cross-platform measurement service. This position is expected to have a particularly significant role in comScore&#8217;s measurement of Linear Television. In this role, the Data Scientist will work closely with other members of the Statistical Operations and Data Science team to work with large amounts of tune-level linear television data to build algorithms, tools, and custom projection solutions for precise cross-platform measurement using large-scale data sets in a fast-paced business environment. The Data Scientist will investigate and diagnose potential internally- and externally-facing issues, and design technology improvements to the projection system to improve the way that supports comScore leading cross-platform measurement products. This position will require working across other functional teams to meet the internal and external demands of the business.
          ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
         &#8226;Independently identify appropriate data science techniques and projection methodologies that will be used to support comScore&#8217;s cross-platform measurement products, and answer technical and business questions.
         &#8226;Build algorithms, tools, custom solutions, and new technologies from diverse and large-scale data sets to enhance comScore&#8217;s measurement products, or contribute to new products.
         &#8226;Maintain existing algorithms, tools, solutions, and methodologies contributing to comScore&#8217;s existing measurement products.
         &#8226;Build custom solutions to meet internal and client needs for cross-platform measurement.
         &#8226;Work closely with other functional teams, including Software Engineering, Product Management, Data Operations, Client Accounts Managers, and Sales Teams to develop and maintain the methodologies contributing to comScore&#8217;s cross-platform measurement services.
         &#8226;Apply critical thinking to analyze process and data anomalies, field client inquiries, and diagnose problems and data issues. These tasks will include working with Software Engineers, Product Managers, Account Managers, Sales Managers, and Data Operations Analysts.
         &#8226;Summarize and visualize conclusions from large-scale data sets to support the decision making of internal business stakeholders using SAS, Excel, and other tools.
         &#8226;Communicate findings and results into measures of business impact.
         &#8226;Evaluate and confirm the integrity of large source data sets.
         &#8226;Be responsible for quality control and documentation of analysis and modeling to ensure on-time and accurate projection deliverables.
         &#8226;Manipulate, analyze, and validate large data sets using SAS and SQL analytical software, and extract quantitative and qualitative findings from large data sets.
         &#8226;Creatively solve tactical and strategic problems, bringing new approaches to management.
         &#8226;Ownership of routine tasks, ensuring all steps are completed within expected project deadlines with little supervision.
          QUALIFICATIONS
         &#8226;Requires a BA/BS in Statistics, Mathematics, or related field; Master&#8217;s or Ph.D. degree preferred.
         &#8226;2-4 years of relevant data science experience; comScore or other media measurement experience can be included.
         &#8226;Experience in building data science methodologies and custom data solutions for quantitative data measurement.
         &#8226;General familiarity with media industry and practices (theatrical, television, home entertainment, advertising, cross-platform, etc.); existing background in media, television, or cross-platform measurement services preferred.
         &#8226;Experience in data analysis and problem solving with large amounts of data; strong knowledge of SAS and SQL programming preferred.
         &#8226;Strong Excel skills.
         &#8226;Strong oral and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate findings to stakeholders and document project steps in detail.
         &#8226;Ability to work individually, as well as partner with small and large teams of other Data Scientists during all stages of projects, including planning and execution.
         &#8226;Ability to independently complete multiple simultaneous project tasks with little supervision.
          About comScore:
         comScore, Inc. (OTC: SCOR) is a leading cross-platform measurement company that precisely measures audiences, brands and consumer behavior everywhere.
         comScore completed its merger with Rentrak Corporation in January 2016, to create the new model for a dynamic, cross-platform world. Built on precision and innovation, our unmatched data footprint combines proprietary digital, TV and movie intelligence with vast demographic details to quantify consumers&#8217; multiscreen behavior at massive scale. This approach helps media companies monetize their complete audiences and allows marketers to reach these audiences more effectively. With more than 3,200 clients and global footprint in more than 75 countries, comScore is delivering the future of measurement. For more information on comScore, please visit comscore.com.
          EEO Statement:
         We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
         *LI-JZ1
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Jireh Semiconductor, Hillsboro - OR
             Foresters Financial, Beaverton - OR
             Maverick Trading, Portland - OR
             The Columbian, Vancouver - WA
             Veritude, Smithfield - RI
             Clinical Management Consultants, Portland - OR
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}