   Director, Data Engineering - Sports Media
       5861 Sports Jobs &#160;&#160; 457 Sports Internships
        Proud partner of
         Make Your Passion Your Career.
          &#8482;
         Work In Sports.
             Region Map
                    Here is the job that interests you:
                       Director, Data Engineering
                       Sports Media
                       Location:
                      Stamford, CT
                       Job Status:
                      Full Time
                       Posted/Updated:
                      04-01-2017
                       Job Description:
                      The Director (or Senior Director), Data Engineering will be the leader and subject matter expert that will define, implement, and govern the Information and Data Architecture strategy for WWE, specifically on designing and implementing the flow, transformation, storage, and visualization of consumer data. This role will be a key thought leader for evaluating new technologies and solutions and will partner with Data Analytics and other technology teams across WWE. Our environment is dynamic, fast-paced, and lots of fun.
                       Key Responsibilities:
                      Evaluate, recommend, and implement technologies for data ingestion, ETL, storage, and reporting
                      Manage data for accuracy, currency, and usage
                      Develop standards for naming, describing, governing, managing, modeling, storing, cleansing, transforming, searching, and delivering all consumer data within WWE, which includes methodologies, tools, governance, and conventions
                      Work with the Data Analytics team (Data Scientists, etc.) to translate business requirements to functional requirements and devise realistic plans to implement the same
                      Understand how the data relates to the current operations and the effect that any future process changes will have on the use of data in the organization
                      Work with team members and other technology groups to ensure all systems are scalable, optimized for performance, have full DR redundancy, and are secure
                       Qualifications:
                      5+ years of experience in enterprise data architecture
                      8+ years of experience architecting and supporting high-performance, highly-available and scalable Information Management solutions
                      Proven expertise in Relational and Dimensional Data Modeling
                      Strong understanding of cloud architecture, specifically AWS, as it relates to data processing (i.e., EC2, S3, Redshift, etc.)
                      Understanding of PII standards, processes, and security protocols
                      Experience leading and architecting enterprise wide initiatives, specifically system integration, data warehouse build, data mart build, data lakes, etc. for a large enterprise
                      Experience implementing and supporting Operational Data Stores, Data Warehouses, and Data Marts
                      Experience in leading Information Management related initiatives (system integration, data warehouse build, data mart build, or similar)
                      Experience with physical, logical, and conceptual data modeling
                      Experience with implementing data reporting and visualization tools (i.e. Cognos, Informatica, etc.)
                      Able to confidently express the benefits and constraints of technology solutions to technology partners, stakeholders, team members, and senior levels of management
                      Bachelor degree in Computer Science (or related technical field) preferred
                      Relevant advanced degree a plus
                   Similar Jobs
            Jobs by Sport
            Jobs by Position
            Jobs by League
            Jobs by Location
            Jobs in Entertainment
            More Resources
          Need Help? Call Us
           1-855-220-JOBS
        Copyright &#169; 2000-2017 Work In Sports L.L.C. All Rights Reserved. Please read our
        and
        .