   Data Scientist - BNY MELLON | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          Data Scientist&#160;(
           Job Number:
          1512028)
          For over 230 years, the people of BNY Mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments &amp; safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. BNY Mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. Every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of BNY Mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. It's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. Make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers.
          Client Technology Solutions provides our business partners with client-focused, technology-based solutions. These enhance their ability to be successful through world-class software solutions and leading-edge infrastructure. Client Technology Solutions provides employees with the tools and resources to enhance their professional qualifications and careers.
            Description
           For over 230 years, the people of BNY Mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments &amp; safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. BNY Mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies.
           Every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of BNY Mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. It's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart.
           BNY Mellon Innovation Center Silicon Valley (ICSV) is currently seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join our rapidly growing team. The ICSV is a startup within an enterprise, focused on applied research that can be quickly brought to market as production services and new financial services products. BNY Mellon is the world&#8217;s leading provider of financial services technology, and current business operations provide a wealth of fascinating business opportunities and requirements, as well as terabytes of the world&#8217;s most interesting data science challenges. Help us revolutionize global financial services!
           This is an outstanding opportunity to be a part of a very small and talented team, giving you the ability to help pioneer the usage of consumer and advertising data science techniques, on data that is vastly more valuable and complicated.
           As a Sr Data Scientist, you will take lead on exploring and creating business value from data science operations in new business data domains, working with our data model architects, machine learning architects, storage architects, product managers, and line of business owners, You will formulate strategies for Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) and follow-on data science processes and architectures, including statistical analysis, machine learning modelling etc. You will help ensure understanding of the business objectives in the data science, and will help invent new ways to analyze, visualize, and derive value from enterprise and financial services data.
            Qualifications
           *LI-SH1
            Key Qualifications
           &#183; PhD in Statistics
           &#183; 5+ years commercial machine learning experience
           &#183; A strong understanding of machine learning theory.
           &#183; Mid-level programming experience. Python, Java or C++ experience is highly desired.
           &#183; A principled approach to solving algorithmic problems with a focus on what will make users happy.
           &#183; A pragmatic approach to rapidly evaluating new algorithmic ideas.
           &#183; A very high attention to detail and ability to thoroughly think through problems.
           &#183; Excellent written and oral communication skills on both technical
           and non-technical topics.
           &#183;&#160;Strong understanding of R or python ML packages and statistics.
           &#183; Proven ability to mine a new data area and derive business value
           Primary Location
          :&#160;United States-USA-CA-Palo Alto
          Internal Jobcode:&#160;45016
           Job
          :&#160;Information Technology
          Experience Level:&#160;Experienced
           Organization
          :&#160;Client Experience Delivery-HR11324
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Palo Alto Networks, Santa Clara - CA
             National Comprehensive Cancer Network, Fort Washington - PA
             Quintiles, Cambridge - MA
             Quintiles, Research Triangle Park - NC
             Quintiles, Philadelphia - PA
             Citizens Bank, Boston - MA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}