   SRS Consulting Inc Job Application for Hadoop Developer with CISCO Experience | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
              Job Title:
             Hadoop Spark Developer
              Duration:
             Long term
              Location:
             San Jose, CA
              Job Description:
             &#183;
             5+ years' experience in Hadoop, Big Data
              (Cisco Experience is Mandatory)
             &#183;
             Strong knowledge &amp; experience working in Java, Hadoop - Spark, Unix, Hive, Spark, SparkSQL, Pig, Map Reduce, Hbase, Sqoop
             &#183;
             Co-ordination with Data Architect and Data Scientist for aligning Technical and Business aspects
             &#183;
             Proactive with excellent communication skills. Self-starter with drive to go and interact with the cross functional teams
             &#183;
             Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information
             &#183;
             Technical expertise in data models, data mining, real time analytics, segmentation techniques, data reporting and results interpretation
              Desirable Skills
             &#183;
             Working experience as a data analyst
             &#183;
             Knowledge and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), Big Data/Hadoop(Hive, Sqoop, Hbase, Spark, SparkSQL, Pig)
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Nazeer
               Phone
               510-257-2436
               Fax
               510-252-0626
               Address
               39465 Paseo padre Pkwy., Suite 1100
               Fremont, CA 94538
               About this company
              SRS Consulting Inc
                At SRS, we pride ourselves at putting people before processes and customers before profits. These core principles are our guiding light in everything that we do.
                A Technology Services and Consulting firm headquartered in Fremont, CA, with a growing presence in India. Our scalable global footprint and delivery capabilities have helped us consistently climb the outsourcing and technology services value chain since our inception in 2002.
                Active strategic interventions over the years have given us the competitive edge that enables us to offer the vision, expertise, and quality of a big player, while still retaining the flexibility, agility and personalized responsiveness of a small company.
                We offer our services across several geographies and a host of industry sectors. Our global experience also allows us to help our clients with their foray into foreign markets.
                In a fast growing, highly competitive industry segment, we believe that we have successfully managed to carve out a niche for ourselves that gives us an edge over our competitors.
                What sets us apart is our passion for people. We understand that its people who drive the world. Processes, Profits or Technology, while being important, cannot be the fulcrum of any endeavor. This is why our policies as an organization are people-centric and our services as a business, client centric.
                Over the years, we have built up an impressive portfolio of clients across multiple sectors like BFSI, Technology, Consumer Goods, Healthcare and Services.
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.