   Director, Deep Learning Institute Job in Santa Clara, California US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Director, Deep Learning Instit...
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Director, Deep Learning Instit...
              Company:
                 NVIDIA Corporation
              Location:
              Santa Clara, CA
              Industries:
              Computer Hardware
              Job Type:
              Full Time
              Employee
              Career Level:
              Experienced (Non-Manager)
              Job Reference Code:
             JR1906113
             Director, Deep Learning Institute
                 Director, Deep Learning Institute
                The Deep Learning Institute (DLI) trains developers, data scientists and researchers how to solve challenging problems using deep learning. We are now looking for an experienced Director-level manager to lead this successful initiative through rapid expansion worldwide.
                This role will offer you exciting challenges, present you with opportunities to learn quickly, and reward you for exercising good judgement. You will gain fantastic hands-on experience driving growth in the adoption of GPU-accelerated artificial intelligence applications that generate demand for NVIDIA GPUs.
                 What you&#8217;ll be doing:
                You will be responsible for leading the DLI initiative and a global team of curriculum developers, trainers and marketing program managers to deliver online training and on-site workshops to thousands of people worldwide by:
                  Setting clear objectives and coaching/mentoring team members to achieve their goals
                  Defining strategies and programs to increase adoption of GPU-accelerated artificial intelligence
                  Driving alignment with product management and worldwide sales &amp; marketing teams
                  Establishing and improving delivery processes for online training and on-site workshops
                  Growing an ecosystem of 3rd party training partners to scale delivery of DLI training materials
                  Representing the DLI at industry events
                  Reporting metrics and insights for your team&#8217;s areas of responsibility
                 What we need to see:
                Ideally you already have experience leading a team that creates and delivers professional training, either in a commercial firm or academic setting. Specifically, you have:
                  3+ years experience delivering professional training to developers, data scientists, engineers or similar technical audiences
                  5+ years experience leading teams of 5 or more direct reports across multiple disciplines, experience managing remote/international team members preferred
                  Bachelor&#8217;s degree in computer science/engineering, or equivalent experience
                  Strong skills in relationship building and commitment management
                  Ability to work cross-functionally across many levels of a matrixed organization
                  Willingness to travel domestically and internationally, up to ~2 weeks / quarter
                 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
                  Demonstrate excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to author original content as well as edit content crafted by others (writing samples requested)
                  Provide examples of yourself presenting to a live audience (links requested)
                  Experience with deep learning, machine learning, and/or parallel programming
                NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world&#8217;s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working with us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
                #deeplearning
              We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
             Visualize your future . . . We Do
            NVIDIA is the world leader in graphics processing technologies, creating innovative, industry-changing products for computing, consumer electronics, and mobile devices. NVIDIA products are transforming visually-rich applications such as video games, film production, broadcasting, industrial design, space exploration, and medical imaging. We invest in our people and our technologies, support and fund industry research around the world, and consistently deliver high-quality products. NVIDIA's culture promotes and inspires a team of world-class employees to be at the top of their game. We've created an environment where talents are recognized and collaboration is valued. Our employees are shaping the world of tomorrow. . . today. We invite you to explore the opportunities available at NVIDIA to see what your future may hold.