   Deep Learning Data Scientist Job in Santa Clara, California US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Deep Learning Data Scientist
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Deep Learning Data Scientist
              Company:
                 NVIDIA Corporation
              Location:
              Santa Clara, CA
              Industries:
              Computer Hardware
              Job Type:
              Full Time
              Employee
              Career Level:
              Experienced (Non-Manager)
              Job Reference Code:
             JR1905855
             Deep Learning Data Scientist
                We are looking to fill a key role in our Advanced Analytics team, which is the analytic hub of NVIDIA's business data organization. Be at the forefront of the fourth industrial revolution to learn and apply groundbreaking data science techniques to the development of product solutions and business strategies. If you are highly motivated, love gaming, and relish working on big-data scale problems to make a significant impact on business, we want you!
                What you&#8217;ll be doing:
                Mine massive amounts of data and perform large-scale data analysis to derive useful business insights into product, customer, and market behavior
                Understand business problems, translate them into quantitative models, and choose the best applicable statistical and analytical tools to drive a solution
                Develop descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive models using deep learning/machine learning algorithms.
                Identify actionable insights, suggest recommendations, and influence the direction by effectively communicating results to many crucial groups within the company
                What we need to see
                :
                PhD in a quantitative discipline such as Machine Learning/AI, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, etc. (Would consider Masters for extraordinary applicants)
                5+ years of experience in using statistical, analytical, and ML techniques to solve business problems
                Strong applied experience with Deep Learning frameworks like TensorFlow, Theano, Keras, Caffe preferably on large consumer datasets.
                Strong understanding of Deep Learning methodology and math.
                Strong intuition for applying Deep Learning to practical problems.
                Vast knowledge and experience with machine learning algorithms and statistical tools like Python scikit, R, MLLib, etc.
                Knowledge of Hadoop and SQL are required, Spark is a plus
                Experience with algorithmic work on NLP datasets would be great
                Strength in collaboration with an ability to take the initiative and lead when needed
                A practical mindset
               If you have a passion for problem-solving, developing creative solutions, and continuous learning, a willingness to work with whichever machine learning algorithm is the most practical and effective for solving a specific business problem, and an understanding of the importance of data preparation, you'll be a great fit for this important team.
               Common sense is required in order to develop mathematical models that match the reality of the business process and business data. Does the following sentence apply to you? You are governed by curiosity, motivation, and a desire to work hard and to develop production-ready models within the target timeframe. If so, you're our ideal team member.
               NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world&#8217;s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us, as well as vast amounts of computing power for our Data Scientists to utilize in developing your models. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
               #Deeplearning
              We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
             Visualize your future . . . We Do
            NVIDIA is the world leader in graphics processing technologies, creating innovative, industry-changing products for computing, consumer electronics, and mobile devices. NVIDIA products are transforming visually-rich applications such as video games, film production, broadcasting, industrial design, space exploration, and medical imaging. We invest in our people and our technologies, support and fund industry research around the world, and consistently deliver high-quality products. NVIDIA's culture promotes and inspires a team of world-class employees to be at the top of their game. We've created an environment where talents are recognized and collaboration is valued. Our employees are shaping the world of tomorrow. . . today. We invite you to explore the opportunities available at NVIDIA to see what your future may hold.