   CyberCoders Job Application for Research Engineer - Python,  Machine Learning, | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            If you are a Research Engineer with experience, please read on! We are looking for motivated self-starters and extremely fast learners with top notch problem solving and analytic skills. Must have a strong desire to dig deep into petabytes of data and love to play with the innards of complex algorithms, mathematical constructs and code. We use Panda in our PYTHON environement.
            What You Will Be Doing
            The Data Scientist/Research Engineer will work with the engineering team to research, prototype, design, build, and maintain the next generation prediction, optimization, and analytics technologies.
            What You Need for this Position
            At Least 3 Years of experience and knowledge of:
            A Master&#8217;s degree or PhD degree in a closely related field (eg: computer science/engineering, optimization) from a top notch university is strongly preferred although MS degree holders with demonstrably exceptional research abilities may be considered
            Solid computing background with a thorough understanding of the fundamentals of computer science, data structures, and algorithms. Significant experience writing code in PYTHON.
            Experience using Panada a plus.
            Experience writing highly scalable, low-latency, distributed systems is a plus
            Experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning or statistical modeling, optimization, algorithms, big-data
            Excellent communication skills &#8211; ability to present and communicate complex ideas in simple terms
            Strong statistical/math/analytical abilities; Exceptional problem solving skills
            So, if you are a Research Engineer with experience, please apply today!
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Stephen Maroda
               Follow this company
               About this company
              CyberCoders
                CyberCoders, a division of On Assignment, is a leading permanent placement recruiting firm. Through our innovative technology and efficient recruiters, CyberCoders helps find the right candidate fast.
                Founded in 1999, CyberCoders is built on a success oriented culture. Above all &#8211; we know both candidates and clients want quality and they want it now. No other recruiting firm can offer Cyrus, our proprietary technology built to search smarter and quicker, matching the best applicant to the right job.
                Jobs from CyberCoders
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.