   Program Manager - Data Scientist-170003PS - Oracle | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
         Job Description
        Program Manager - Data Scientist
         Preferred Qualifications
          Do you view Supply Chain as a playground ofopportunity?
          Oracle Worldwide Operations
         manages the hardware supply chain for both the (external) commercial businessand also for internal customers in support of the rapidly growing Oracle Cloud.&#160; In responding to increasingly complexbusiness environment, a new Center of Excellence organization within GlobalPlanning &amp; Fulfillment has been formed to focus on designing, scaling &amp;transforming business processes, system capabilities &amp; advanced analyticsto enable successful GP&amp;F operations &amp; optimize business outcome.
         We are seeking highly-talented supply chainprofessionals can strengthen our capabilities and help enable the broaderbusiness objectives.&#160;&#160; The
          Data Scientist
         is responsible for enabling predictive analytics/models for GP&amp;F operationconsumptions. &#160;You will work closely with BusinessArchitect, Functional Experts &amp; Operations to provide business insightsextracted through various models from large structured or un-structured data.
         If you enjoy taming ambiguity and complexityby developing value-add structure, new capabilities &amp; process agility, thischallenge may be for you.
          Specific Duties andResponsibilities:
          Create Business insights     for large dataset / structured &amp; un-structured
          Design, develop and     deliver actionable insights to drive growth, improve forecast accuracy and     increase profitability &amp; customer satisfaction
          Analyze large data sets to     develop new models and algorithms to predict demand &amp; supply     performance, trend, cost, customer satisfactions etc.
          Develop data driven     algorithm for optimization of desired variable performance
          Improve model accuracy
          Partner with     cross-functional team members to identify and prioritize actionable,     high-impact insights across a variety of core business areas
          Provide expertise on     mathematical concepts for the broader applied analytics team and inspire     the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire     breadth of our organization
          Qualifications:
          College degree or     equivalent and 7 years of data management experience
          Broad experience in high     tech Supply Chain strategy and execution.
          Mathematical and     Statistical Analysis - Probability, Regression, Correlation,     Significance
          testing, Forecasting, Optimization, Multivariate Analysis, Factor     Analysis, CyberSecurity
          Machine Learning -     Regression, Clustering, Decision Trees, K-Means, Neural nets, Naive
          Bayes, Artificial Intelligence, Fuzzy Logic, Predictive Analysis
          Predictive Modeling and     Analytics: R, SAS, Excel, Octave, SciPY, NumPY,&#160;Pandas,Tableau,     Microstrategy, Qlikview, OBIEE, SAS, Business Objects, Pentaho
          Databases: MySQL,     Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server,Vertica
          Big Data / NoSQL: Hadoop,     HDFS, Map Reduce, Pig, Cassandra
          Languages: Python, R, SAS,     Java, C#, SQL, PL/SQL
          Ability to thrive in a     fast-pace and dynamic environment with a level of ambiguity consistent     with new business models.
          Team player, excellent     leadership, interpersonal and communication skills at all levels.
         Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.
         Detailed Description and Job Requirements
        Manage the development and implementation process of a specific company product.
        Manage the development and implementation process of a specific company product involving departmental or cross-functional teams focused on the delivery of new or existing products.  Plan and direct schedules and monitor budget/spending.  Monitor the project from initiation through delivery.  Organize the interdepartmental activities ensuring completion of the project/product on schedule and within budget constraints. Assign and monitor work of systems analysis and program staff, providing technical support and direction.
        Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. Seven years of project management, product design or related experience preferred.
         Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.
         Job:
        Product Development
         Location:
        US-CA,California-Santa Clara
         Job Type:
        Regular Employee Hire
         Organization:
        Oraclefalse
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Persistent Systems, Inc.,, Santa Clara - CA
             T3C, Inc., DBA Retail Solutions, Inc, Mountain View - CA
             Bayside Solutions, Palo Alto - CA
             Super Micro Computer, Inc, San Jose - CA
             Fremont - CA
             Spreadtrum Communications USA Inc, San Jose - CA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Program Manager - Data Scientist-170003PS
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}