   Palo Alto Networks Careers - Cloud System Architect
        Cloud System Architect
        Engineering
        Santa Clara, 
                    California
         Description
          Palo Alto Networks&#174;
         is the fastest-growing security company in history.&#160; We offer the chance to be part of an important mission: ending breaches and protecting our way of digital life. If you are a motivated, intelligent, creative, and hardworking individual, then this job is for you!
         As a Cloud System Architect, you will be responsible for system design and implementation of our cloud services including but not limited to Wildfire, URL filtering, and autofocus. You will be one of the key members deciding what/how data needs to be collected and analyzed and what direction our product is going to take. The work also involves making sure the right platform and technology is used, working with development team to design and implement it and working across multiple teams such as product manager, malware researchers and data scientists.
         If you are a motivated, creative, passionate, team-player, hands on and hardworking individual who wants to contribute and make a difference, we would love to talk to you.
          Responsibilities:
          Review our current architecture and propose new architecture for our hyperscale computing cloud services.
          Review our non-functional requirements such as high availability, response time, scalability and provide solutions to satisfy them.
          Review our data model and decide if/how we should collect more data; how we can improve our data model to have a more efficient system and reduce manual processes.
          Analyze existing systems and provide models to explain their behaviors and pro-actively identify components that need review and redesign.
          Work with devops to make sure there are tools in place for monitoring the system, and log management to effectively handle incidents.
          Review our data engineering models and data ingestion pipelines
          Work directly with our research teams to build tools for massive data set analysis.
          Qualifications:
          Can-do attitude on problem solving, quality and ability to execute.
          8+ years work experience in hands on development.
          Excellent interpersonal and teamwork skills.
          Experience in environment with hyperscale requirement.
          Experience in architecture and designs in environment with several moving components and hundreds of terabytes of data.
          Experience with large data processing tools such as Hadoop, Hbase, Cassandra, Elastic- search, Kafka.
          Hands-on with great OO programming skills.
          Previous experience working with data scientists is a plus.
         Learn more about Palo Alto Networks
         and check out our
         Share