   Data Scientist - Proofpoint, Inc. | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
            Company Overview
           At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today&#8217;s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to:
            Build and enhance our proven security platform
            Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture
            Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel
            Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges
           We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re a leader in next-generation cybersecurity&#8212;and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner.
            The Role
          The data scientist will work very closely with the engineers who build the core of Proofpoint&#8217;s &#160;email security solution to enhance and build new features
          Mine data using state-of-the-art methods.
          Implement standard and proprietary algorithms for handling and processing the data.
           Keep informed of cutting-edge machine learning/big data methods and techniques.
           Consult with product teams to assist them with implementation of recommended data-driven solutions.
            Your day-to-day
            It is all about effectiveness. You will be helping the team coming up with innovative ideas to improve the effectiveness.
              Create automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance.
            Collect data, clean, visualize, build model, train, test and present your approach.
            You are curious about business email compromise
            Come up with algorithms for the new product features
            You live and breathe numbers
            What you bring to the team
             7+ years of relevant industry experience
             Strong mathematical skills with knowledge of statistical methods
             Strong background in machine learning with a broad understanding of unsupervised and supervised learning methods
             Strong software development experience in a language such as Java, Scala, Python or C
             Successful track record of delivering results in complex cross-functional projects
             Strong software development experience (Scala, Java, C#, Python, or C++)
             Excellent communication skills
             Experience in email domain preferred but not required
             MS (PhD preferred) in Computer Science, Statistics, or related field
            Why Proofpoint
           As a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint&#8217;s amazing culture!
             #LI-KF1
        Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today&#8217;s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That&#8217;s why we&#8217;re a leader in next-generation cybersecurity&#8212;and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role The data scientist will work very closely with the engineers who build the core of Proofpoint&#8217;s &#160;email security solution to enhance and build new features&#160; Mine data using state-of-the-art methods. Implement standard and proprietary algorithms for handling and processing the data. Keep informed of cutting-edge machine learning/big data methods and techniques. Consult with product teams to assist them with implementation of recommended data-driven solutions. Your day-to-day It is all about effectiveness. You will be helping the team coming up with innovative ideas to improve the effectiveness. Create automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance. Collect data, clean, visualize, build model, train, test and present your approach. You are curious about business email compromise Come up with algorithms for the new product features You live and breathe numbers What you bring to the team 7+ years of relevant industry experience Strong mathematical skills with knowledge of statistical methods Strong background in machine learning with a broad understanding of unsupervised and supervised learning methods Strong software development experience in a language such as Java, Scala, Python or C Successful track record of delivering results in complex cross-functional projects Strong software development experience (Scala, Java, C#, Python, or C++) Excellent communication skills Experience in email domain preferred but not required MS (PhD preferred) in Computer Science, Statistics, or related field Why Proofpoint As a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint&#8217;s amazing culture! #LI-KF1
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             NVIDIA Corporation, Santa Clara - CA
             CyberCoders, San Mateo - CA
             Enterprise Select, Santa Clara - CA
             Samsung SDSA, San Jose - CA
             Cloudera, Palo Alto - CA
             T3C, Inc., DBA Retail Solutions, Inc, Mountain View - CA
             Collabera, Foster City - CA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}