   CyberCoders Job Application for Senior Data Scientist | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            If you are an experienced Data Scientist and a Machine Learning ninja, please KEEP READING!
            Headquartered in Palo Alto, CA, we are a consumer mobile app that help families quickly and safely learn if their children's development is on track.  We are helping these parents to quickly learn their child's risk for developmental delay and autism. The sooner they know, they quicker and more efficient they can be about helping their child.
            Our team consists of experienced and ivy league scientists, healthcare executives, and internet entrepreneurs. This is a VERY exciting time to join our team as we continue to experience growth and hit new industry milestones.
            What You Need for this Position
            - 2+ years' experience Data Scientist
            - Experienced/can converse with AWS
            - BA/BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or a related field
            - Experience supporting back-ends for mobile
            - Rails and SQL experience
            - Python, Scikit-Learn, and Pandas as applied to data analysis and modeling experience a plus!
            - Desire to work in healthcare and belief in our mission!
            - HIPPA deployment experience a HUGE plus!
            What's In It for You
            Unlimited PTO
            Medical Benefits
            Commuter benefits
            Startup culture
            Regular team lunches and happy hours
            Stocked kitchen with snacks and drinks
            Great location near amazing restaurants, bars, and stores
            So, if you are a Data Scientist with 2+ years' experience, please APPLY NOW!
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Nicole LaMotte
               Follow this company
               About this company
              CyberCoders
                CyberCoders, a division of On Assignment, is a leading permanent placement recruiting firm. Through our innovative technology and efficient recruiters, CyberCoders helps find the right candidate fast.
                Founded in 1999, CyberCoders is built on a success oriented culture. Above all &#8211; we know both candidates and clients want quality and they want it now. No other recruiting firm can offer Cyrus, our proprietary technology built to search smarter and quicker, matching the best applicant to the right job.
                Jobs from CyberCoders
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.