   IT Critical Incident, Problem and Change Manager Job in Santa Clara, California US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         IT Critical Incident, Problem ...
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        IT Critical Incident, Problem ...
              Company:
                 NVIDIA Corporation
              Location:
              Santa Clara, CA
              Industries:
              Computer Hardware
              Job Type:
              Full Time
              Employee
              Career Level:
              Experienced (Non-Manager)
              Job Reference Code:
             JR1905970
             IT Critical Incident, Problem and Change Manager
               NVIDIA Corporate IT is looking for a passionate power contributor who blends solid critical thinking, problem solving, and attention to detail with a demonstrable ability to get results in a highly matrixed global working environment. In this exciting role, you will play a significant part on the Service Delivery team, helping to craft and guide the future of IT priorities and investments.
                What
                you&#8217;ll
                be
                doing:
               You develop and use metrics (Key Performance Indicators) to validate success and identify improvements of the service. You will explain complex technical topics to a non-technical audience as well as communicate with internal and external leaders. You will maintain focus on our customers in the execution of your duties.
               You will coordinate actions and deliver results within a dynamic, multi-functional environment. You will be responsible for IT Critical incident process and operational aspects of Critical Incident Management. You will improve problem management methods and procedures and ensure that they are used for efficient and prompt analysis of all problems.
                Additionally
                you
                will...
                 Drive root cause analysis and corrective action completion to help eliminate disruption of services and consequently improve the day-to-day operations of the organization using validated problem analysis methodology and tracking all elements of the RCA to closure.
                 Coordinate major incident closure, initiate a phone conference bridge, and document all actions taken to resolve the incident.
                 Ensure that problem resolution is implemented through the appropriate control procedures.
                 Arrange and lead problem review sessions with various IT groups.
                 Stay on top of resolution processes and initiatives and provide timely updates to business and technology leaders.
                 Handle and coordinate the Global Change (GC) Management Process and Procedures for Applications and infrastructure
                 Act as chairperson of the GC Review Board
                 Responsible for operation of process including accepting, processing, and reporting the status of RFCs, as well as preparing and orchestrating the CRB Agenda
                 Develop, coordinate, and perform the final quality check of implementation schedule of change for all RFCs and maintenance efforts.
                 Advance identified potential risks, provide guidance on solutions to address the risks and anticipated points of resistance, and develop specific plans with the change submitter of the change request (CR) to mitigate or address the concerns
                What
                we
                need
                to
                see:
                 Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in engineering, information systems, business administration, or related field and minimum of 8-10 years of support services or project or program experience or equivalent. Master&#8217;s Degree is preferred.
                 Experience working in the technology industry
                 Experience working with technology products and operating systems
                 Excellent project management skills
                Ways
                to
                stand
                out
                from
                the
                crowd:
                 Attested ability to handle Critical incident, Problem and Change management in IT
                 Experience on Service Now ITSM modules
                 Demonstrated ability to deliver business-first customer service, across a portfolio
                 Able to successfully handle a dynamic workload with minimal intervention from Management
                 Deep understanding of the Incident, Service Request, Problem Management and Knowledge Management (All ITSM Processes)
                 Ongoing user support and maintenance
                 Extraordinary communication skills &#8211; written, presentation skills, etc.
                 Excellent client handling skills &#8211; able to work with all levels within the client portfolio
                 Possesses an understanding of IT infrastructure and application support
                 Possesses the aptitude to quickly understand work processes and flows in various business units.
                 Strong Data analytic skills working with Data Scientist and Machine learning authorities to predict problems and probability associated with them
                 Ability to apply the Microsoft Office tools in project management tasks and high level business modeling
                 ITIL v3 Certification a plus
               NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world&#8217;s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative, fun and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
              We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
             Visualize your future . . . We Do
            NVIDIA is the world leader in graphics processing technologies, creating innovative, industry-changing products for computing, consumer electronics, and mobile devices. NVIDIA products are transforming visually-rich applications such as video games, film production, broadcasting, industrial design, space exploration, and medical imaging. We invest in our people and our technologies, support and fund industry research around the world, and consistently deliver high-quality products. NVIDIA's culture promotes and inspires a team of world-class employees to be at the top of their game. We've created an environment where talents are recognized and collaboration is valued. Our employees are shaping the world of tomorrow. . . today. We invite you to explore the opportunities available at NVIDIA to see what your future may hold.