   CyberCoders Job Application for Data Scientist | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            Located in San Francisco, we're a consumer SaaS startup with over 100 employees on our way to going public within the next 15 months!
            Due to continued growth, we are currently looking for an experienced Senior - Principal Level Data Scientist with a heavy emphasis on machine learning and building algorithms we're looking for you. We're looking for someone who has experience developing personalized solutions and using data to make one to one recommendations. You will be joining a team composed of graduates from MIT, Stanford, and Harvard and the likes.
            If this sounds like a match for you, apply today or send your resume directly to
             gary.morgan@cybercoders.com
            ! We are actively interviewing this week and next week.
            What You Need for this Position
            Must Have Skills
            - MS/PHD Computer Science (Ideally from a Top Ranked school ie Stanford)
            - Developing Machine Learning based Algorithms
            - Expert level Algorithm Development skills
            - Experience developing personaliztion solutions
            Nice to Have Skills
            - Mentoring / Leadership experience
            - Using data to make one to one recommendations
            What's In It for You
            - Competitive Salary $160k-$220k
            - Bonus
            - Equity/Stock
            - Full Benefits
            - Paid Time Off
            So, if you have experience as a Data Scientist with a heavy emphasis on machine learning and building algorithms, please apply today!
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Gary Morgan
               Follow this company
               About this company
              CyberCoders
                CyberCoders, a division of On Assignment, is a leading permanent placement recruiting firm. Through our innovative technology and efficient recruiters, CyberCoders helps find the right candidate fast.
                Founded in 1999, CyberCoders is built on a success oriented culture. Above all &#8211; we know both candidates and clients want quality and they want it now. No other recruiting firm can offer Cyrus, our proprietary technology built to search smarter and quicker, matching the best applicant to the right job.
                Jobs from CyberCoders
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.