   Palo Alto Networks Careers - Sr. Staff SQA Engineer (Big Data/Cloud)
        Sr. Staff SQA Engineer (Big Data/Cloud)
        Engineering
        Santa Clara, 
                    California
         Description
          Palo Alto Networks&#174;
         is the fastest-growing security company in history.&#160; We offer the chance to be part of an important mission: ending breaches and protecting our way of digital life. If you are a motivated, intelligent, creative, and hardworking individual, then this job is for you!
         Palo Alto Networks provides threat intelligence cloud services to our customers. As a Senior Software QA Engineer for our cloud services, you will be responsible for testing different components of the system for gathering/ingesting data from multiple heterogeneous sources and processing data for reporting/analytics. This work would involve working with our research teams including data scientists to derive intelligence from our data.
          Requirements:
          6+ years of experience in a QA position.
          Experience with different tools for massive data set analysis.
          Experience with testing analytics/reporting on processed data.
          Experience with testing data ingestion from multiple sources.
          Drive different testing strategies for different aspect of a big data system, from data ingestion to system level features, functionality and scalability.
          Experience with bug tracking tools such as Bugzilla or Jira.
          Experience in setting up environment with large data processing tools such as Hadoop, HBase, ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ, and Kafka.
          Linux expertise.
          Experience with scripting and/or programming on test automation is a must.
          User experience with databases, such as MySQL, MongoDB, or similar.
          Experience with Python, Java, Tomcat, JS, AWS, Docker, VMWare ESX, and SaltStack is a plus.
          Excellent communication and collaborative skills.
          Qualifications:
          BS or advanced degree in computer engineering or related technical field.
         Learn more about Palo Alto Networks
         and check out our
         #DI
         #LI-LC1
         Share