   Web Application Engineer Job in Cupertino 95014, California US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Web Application Engineer
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Web Application Engineer
        Thank you for your interest in the Web Application Engineer.
       To begin the application process, please enter your information below.
       We will save a record of this application.
       By applying to a job using Monster.com you are agreeing to comply with and be subject to the Monster
       and
       for use of our website.
                       Apple Inc.
                    Full Time
                    Employee
                    Cupertino, CA 95014
                    Engineering
                  Web Application Engineer
                  Changing the world is all in a day's work at Apple. If you love innovation, here's your chance to make a career of it. You'll work hard. But the job comes with more than a few perks.
                   The iOS/macOS Data Analysis team analyzes and produces insights from diagnostic and usage data from iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, and Macintosh systems. Our data is used to improve Apple products and services and to inform the strategic direction of our products. We are looking for talented Web Developers to build applications to aggregate and visualize our data.
                   Key Qualifications:
                   o3+ years in web development
                   oStrong skills in backend development and REST APIs
                   oExtensive working experience in Ruby on Rails programming
                   oExperience with databases such as MySQL, Postgres, Oracle
                   Description:
                   You will work across the organization to understand requirements and build out high value, interactive web applications. Working with our Data Scientists and Big Data Engineers, you will develop new ways to visualize and interact with data extracted from our large Hadoop clusters. Your work will have visibility across all levels of the Apple software engineering organization. If you are interested in working in a fast paced environment in collaboration with top engineering talent, we would like to talk to you.
                   Additional Requirements:
                   Our team owns the full stack development of applications. So knowledge of front end technologies is a plus.
                   o Ability to design data models
                   o Knowledge of client side technologies such as Javascript, CSS and HTML
                   Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.