   Palo Alto Networks Careers - Java Engineer (Cloud)
        Java Engineer (Cloud)
        Engineering
        Santa Clara, 
                    California
         Description
          Palo Alto Networks&#174;
         is the fastest-growing security company in history.&#160; We offer the chance to be part of an important mission: ending breaches and protecting our way of digital life. If you are a motivated, intelligent, creative, and hardworking individual, then this job is for you!
         Palo Alto Networks Intelligent cloud is an essential element of Palo Alto Networks platform offering. It has several pieces including but not limited to wildfire, URL filtering, and auto focus. Our cloud provides threat intelligence to network and endpoint devices to protect our customers. It also provides threat analysis tools to security admins to help them understand threats and their severity.
         In this service, we ingest tens of terabytes of data daily from several sources into the system. As the historical data is always valuable for analysis and correlation (i.e. the malware does not expire), the total amount of storage can easily get to peta bytes. By doing several data correlation among this vast amount of data, we can provide intelligence to our customers to help them prioritize threats and decide what actions they should take. For more information about auto focus please visit
          Responsibilities:
          As a Staff Engineer, you will be an integral member of our threat intelligence service, i.e. pandb cloud, team responsible for architecture, design and development.
          Having the dynamic ability to adapt to conventional big-data frameworks and tools with the use-cases required by the project
          Ability to communicate with research teams and data scientists, finding bottlenecks and resolving them
          Design and implement different architectural models for our scalable data processing, as well as scalable data storage
          Build tools for proper data ingestion from multiple heterogeneous sources
          Qualifications:
          2+ years Java experience in design and implementation in an environment with large data
          Strong OO design/programming skills
          Experience with large data processing tools such as: Hadoop, HBase, Elastic Search, etc.
          C/Perl experience is plus
          Can-do attitude on problem solving, quality and ability to execute
          Excellent inter-personal and teamwork skills
          Passion for doing research on large data sets containing ill-formatted data
          BS in Computer Science/Engineering, or equivalent experience
         Learn more about Palo Alto Networks
         and check out our
         Share