   Enterprise Select Job Application for Senior Data Scientist | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            Enterprise Select has partnered with a revolutionary Biotech company in the Bay Area to help build out their cutting-edge Data Science team. As a principal data scientist in machine learning, you will explore an exciting new application of neural networks.
             Your role will involve architecting and training models on proprietary DNA sequencing data, generated by high throughput single molecule sequencing instrument.&#160; This role will require a firm grasp of signal processing concepts for raw voltage signal pre-processing as well as intuition about model architectures and training.&#160; You will be working directly with scientists from a variety of fields, including physics, biochemistry, electrical engineering and software engineering.
             If you are passionate about machine learning, big data, medical diagnostics and challenging scientific research problems, this is the opportunity of a lifetime!
             WHAT YOU&#8217;LL DO:
               Model design and training
               Raw signal preprocessing
               Application of statistical models to characterize behavior of an ensemble of single molecule sensors.
               Data exploration and collaboration with scientists from a diverse set of fields to advance DNA sequencer technology development.
             WHAT TO BRING:
               Hands on Deep Learning experience using TensorFlow, Theano or similar
               Scientific programming experience in Python, especially numpy / pandas / scikitlearn / matplotlib or the equivalent, such as Matlab and C/C++ experience and willingness to learn Python
               A firm grasp of signal processing concepts
               Experience with distributed computing or cloud implementation
               Previous exposure to fields of bioinformatics, natural language processing, or similar
             IDEAL BACKGROUND:
               Ph.D. or equivalent experience in computer science, information theory, physics, electrical engineering, computational biology, or statistics
               Demonstrated potential to lead complex, long-term projects
               Desire to work as part of a team in a startup-like environment
             NEXT STEPS:
             This is an urgent position with an immediate need to hire. If you meet the qualifications above and are interested&#160;in pursuing this opportunity, get in touch with us today for immediate consideration!
              Job summary
               About this company
                Company name
                Enterprise Select
                Jobs from Enterprise Select
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.