   Sr Director - Data &amp; Analytics - Data Science - GE Oil &amp; Gas | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
            2860551
            GE Oil &amp; Gas
            Oil &amp; Gas Digital
            At GE Oil &amp; Gas Digital, we are creating technology and solutions to enable social, mobile, analytical and cloud capabilities for the Industrial Internet. The Industrial Internet is an open, global network that connects people, data and machines. It&#8217;s about making infrastructure more intelligent and advancing the industries critical to the world we live in. At GE, we believe it&#8217;s about the future of industry&#8212;energy, healthcare, transportation, manufacturing. It&#8217;s about making the world work better.
            GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation.  GE is an
            .  Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
            Sr Director - Data &amp; Analytics - Data Science
            Experienced
            Digital Technology
            Data and Analytics
            United States
            California
            San Ramon
            94583
            Yes
            We are looking for a highly motivated &amp; passionate technology leader to join GE Oil &amp; Gas Digital team. As the Senior Director, GE O&amp;G Digital, this role will focus on driving and delivering innovative enterprise-grade industrial analytics products for transforming the O&amp;G industry. You will be responsible for building and leading a team of highly talented multi-disciplinary data scientists, engineers and software scientists.
             You will be responsible for the development and delivery of
             analytics products that conform to world class technology principles and
             maximize re-use and commercial opportunity. You will work closely with Product
             Management &amp; Strategy teams to arrive at the overall strategy &amp;
             delivery plans of various features in the Asset Performance Management (APM)
             suite of products. You will be responsible for shaping technology, product, and
             service roadmaps in alignment with business strategy and blueprint. You may
             manage other managers or individual contributors. You will also be responsible
             for developing and coaching employees within the function.
             As Sr Director, you will:
              Lead multiple data science and engineering teams to deliver
              industrial scale analytics frameworks. Motivating these teams to be innovative,
              agile and quality aware for a timely release of product features is critical.
              Accountable for IP portfolio management and stewardship in
              alignment to data science and analytics strategy and vision
              Responsible for building and maintaining critical
              relationships and partnerships across functions, business units, and external
              organizations to drive adoption of GE O&amp;G data science and analytic
              offerings, methodologies, tooling, and philosophy.
              Manage other Engineering Managers and Individual
              Contributors - The leader is both a technical leader within the function and is
              responsible for developing and coaching his/her employees within the function
              Work with product strategy &amp; product management teams to
              conceptualize new analytics products and features and jointly arrive at plans
              to delight customers.
              Should be able to influence from both a strategic and
              technical standpoint across the function and business. Ability to influence at
              the peer level is key.
              Provide core product requirements to Product Management,
              Software Engineering &amp; UX Design
              Optimize and define new processes and tools, to enable large
              scale enterprise-grade analytics development, deployment and delivery.
              Perform as a champion within the organization, possessing
              strong cross-functional collaboration and influencing skills.
              Provide coaching, feedback, developmental opportunities,
              etc. to direct/indirect reports within broader team.
              Expertise in technical project management and a proven track
              record for delivering projects on time with limited budget and resources
             Basic Qualifications:
              Master&#8217;s degree in STEM major (Mechanical or Electrical or
              Chemical engineering) with relevant work experience of 15 years or more
              10+ years&#8217; experience in leading analytics teams on
              architecture, scalability, deployment and big-data implementations
              10+ years&#8217; experience in technical project management including
              resourcing, program planning, execution, delivery and financial management in
              an engineering or research environment.
             Eligibility Requirements:
              Legal authorization to work in USA is required.&#160; We will not sponsor individuals for
              employment visas, now or in the future, for this job
              Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful
              completion of a background investigation and drug screen
              Must be willing to travel (20%)
              Must be willing to work out of an office located in San
              Ramon, CA, USA.
            GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen.
              Prior experience in leading teams that work across multiple
              data science and engineering domains.
              Ph.D. in a &#8220;STEM&#8221; major (Science, Technology, Engineering,
              Mathematics) plus 10+ years industry/research experience in analytics
              Experience with the Oil &amp; Gas industry and modeling
              tools for Upstream, Midstream and Downstream processes.
              Provides excellent influential communication skills and
              business acumen to both an arbitrator and advocate for technical issues.
              Able to interface effectively with all levels of the
              organization and external customers
              Expertise in at least two of the following domains &#8211;
              Sensor/Data collection and handling, Physics and Data Driven Modeling,
              Diagnostics &amp; Prognostics, Optimization, Sensor Fusion and Time Series
              analysis.
              Knowledge of GE industrial products, experience in
              delivering end to end solutions
             Technical Expertise:
              Proven experience working with advanced machine learning and
              deep learning frameworks. E.g.&#160; Caffe,
              Tensorflow, MLlib/Spark, Scikit-learn, etc.
              Expertise in multi-modal learning systems including images,
              video, audio and time series data streams.
              Hands-on experience working with large software systems in
              Python, R, C, C++, Java, etc and data base technologies including SQL, NoSQL
              and Hadoop tech stacks.
              Experience working directly with Cloud
              providers/infrastructure (AWS, Azure etc.), database technologies, operating
              systems (Windows, Linux) and orchestration tools (Chef, puppet), CloudFoundry
              Spearheads adoption of industry standards within the company
              and evangelizes shared best practices across teams at GE.
              Guides, influences and determines decisions regarding
              companywide adoption of new technologies. Evangelizes modern technologies to
              development teams, stakeholders and GE executives.
             Business Acumen:
              Evaluates products &amp; processes to assure compliance.
              Measures the impact of trends (cyclical or a shift) and acts relative to
              product value position and overall strategy
              Ability to interact at all levels of the organization and
              with other GE businesses
             Leadership:
              Ability to work with cross-functional teams to help build
              effective processes
              Proactively identifies and removes project obstacles or
              barriers on behalf of the team
              Articulates the story, uses two-way communication and
              influences outcomes and ongoing results
              Strong oral and written communication skills including executive
              level presentation skills
             Personal Attributes:
              Effectively direct and mentor others in critical thinking
              skills
              Proactively engages with cross-functional teams to resolve
              issues and design solutions using critical thinking, analytical skills and best
              practices
            #DTR
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             General Electric, San Ramon - CA
             Ascent, San Ramon - CA
             General Electric, San Ramon - CA
             Infineon Technologies Americas Corp., Torrance - CA
             Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, Los Angeles - CA
             Alameda - CA
             F1 Technical Solutions, Inc., Palo Alto - CA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Sr Director - Data &amp; Analytics - Data Science
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}