   CyberCoders Job Application for Sr. Data Scientist - machine learning &amp; data mining - San Mateo | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            Senior Data Scientist - machine learning, data mining, and predictive modeling - San Mateo, CA!
            We are seeking a smart and engaged Senior Data Scientist to work with our large data sets. As an autonomous robot firm, you can imagine the amount of data we&#8217;re uncovering.  We need your help developing advanced mathematical and statistical models to map data and deliver web analytics.  Our product is widely utilized but is perhaps most useful in an academic and / or research capacity.
            What You Need for this Position
            - machine learning development and deployment
            - big data framework experience (Spark, MapReduce)
            - Master&#8217;s or PhD
            What You Will Be Doing
            - Develop statistical modeling techniques for pattern recognition problems.
            - Develop code in Python, R, and SQL, or other object oriented languages for modeling optimization, simulation, and statistical analysis.
            - Build models that maximize performance and accuracy
            - Strategic planning and project management.
            What's In It for You
            - An opportunity to join a very smart, motivated team and to directly impact the future of predictive modeling and data gathering.
            - Strong base salary depending on experience.
            - Excellent benefits and vacation policy.
            - Tons of growth potential and a great working environment.
            If you are a Data Scientist looking to be a major and core player at a growing startup with ample machine learning experience and either a PhD or a Master's degree, please send me your resume today!
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Remy Schor
               Follow this company
               About this company
              CyberCoders
                CyberCoders, a division of On Assignment, is a leading permanent placement recruiting firm. Through our innovative technology and efficient recruiters, CyberCoders helps find the right candidate fast.
                Founded in 1999, CyberCoders is built on a success oriented culture. Above all &#8211; we know both candidates and clients want quality and they want it now. No other recruiting firm can offer Cyrus, our proprietary technology built to search smarter and quicker, matching the best applicant to the right job.
                Jobs from CyberCoders
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.