   Palo Alto Networks Careers - Sr.  Staff SQA Engineer (Cloud Intelligence)
        Sr.  Staff SQA Engineer (Cloud Intelligence)
        Engineering
        Santa Clara, 
                    California
         Description
          Palo Alto Networks&#174;
         is the fastest-growing security company in history.&#160; We offer the chance to be part of an important mission: ending breaches and protecting our way of digital life. If you are a motivated, intelligent, creative, and hardworking individual, then this job is for you!
          Description:
         Palo Alto Networks provides a number of services to our customers with our threat intelligence cloud (AutoFocus). As a Senior Software QA Engineer for our threat intelligence cloud, you will be responsible for testing our cloud services, as well as testing the system for gathering/ingesting data and data mining. This work would involve working with our research teams including data scientists to derive intelligence from our data.
          Responsibilities:
          Responsible for functional testing of Palo Alto Networks&#8217; cloud intelligence offering with emphasis on Logging and Reporting.
          Develop and execute test plans and test cases.
          Develop tools and infrastructure to improve quality and efficiency of testing.
          Work closely with the Software Engineering, Product Management teams during product development from design to release.
          Reproduce and debug issues found during and after software release.
          Qualifications
         :
          6+ years of experience in a QA position.
          Experience with scripting and/or programming
          Experience with testing tools for massive data set analysis
          Experience with large data processing tools such as Hadoop, HBase, ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ, and Kafka
          Experience with databases, such as MySQL, MongoDB, or similar
          Experience with Python, Java, Tomcat, JS, AWS, Docker, VMWare ESX, and SaltStack is a plus
          Experience testing network security products, preferably with firewalls and intrusion prevention
          Experience with CMS and bug tracking tools as Jira or Bugzilla.
          Experience with Linux system set up and Administration.
          BS or MS in computer engineering or related technical field.
          Excellent communication and collaborative skills
          Education:
          BS or advanced degree in computer engineering or related technical field.
        #LI-LC1
        #DI
         Share