   Sr. Marketing Data Scientist - Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
             Auto req ID
            43126BR
             Position Title
            Sr. Marketing Data Scientist
             Job Description
             When you&#8217;re part of the team at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you&#8217;ll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our food is safe. Your work will have real-world impact, and you&#8217;ll be supported in achieving your career goals.
             As a Senior Data Scientist, you will be part of a team dedicated to increasing marketing efficiency through multiple marketing channels.&#160; You can quickly grasp the complex business concerns and translate them into data mining algorithms and communicate the results to stakeholders with varying degree of technical background. You will be challenged to develop new data mining capabilities to a wide variety of projects, identifying revenue and lead opportunities and recommending the best marketing actions based on predictive modeling of transactional, web clickstream, behavioral and or 3rd party data.
              Responsibilities:
              Collaborate closely with marketing managers to identify business problems and areas of opportunities and translate business questions into quantitative analyses
              Apply advanced data mining techniques to build models to optimize marketing activities on eCommerce and on customer journey (customer acquisition, up sell and cross sell, and customer experience and retention)
              Develop reports, visualization, and key performance indexes to track effectiveness of marketing and guide marketing decisions
              Proactively identify gaps and opportunities for sales and marketing teams, and use data to generate leads and to drive revenue.
              Effectively respond to requests for ad hoc analyses.
              Minimum Qualifications:
              Bachelor's Degree plus 7+ years of relevant experience in data science, data analytics, or applied statistics OR Master's Degree plus 5+ years of relevant experience in data science, data analytics, or applied statistics.
              3+ years experience with machine learning, data mining, statistical modeling tools and underlying algorithms.
              3+ years&#8217; experience in R, Perl, Python, or&#160;Spark.
              A strong background in data analysis, predictive statistical modeling, customer profiling and segmentation, experiment design and A/B and multivariate tests. Experience with collaborative filtering.
              Working experience with relational databases and SQL, Excel (pivot tables, vlookups) and PowerPoint.
              Exceptional project management skills and the ability to manage multiple concurrent projects to execute responsibilities in a timely and accurate manner.
              Must embrace team spirit and have strong interpersonal skills.
              Excellent written and oral communication skills, including an ability to communicate across business areas and with global team.
              Preferred Qualifications:
              Proficiency in Java, Python, or Scala.
              1 year of experience in data science supporting marketing teams.
              Familiarity with big data computing infrastructure such as Hadoop, Spark, etc.
              Experience in Tableau and Cognos.
              Experience in demand generation analytics.
            At Thermo Fisher Scientific, each one of our 50,000 extraordinary minds has a unique story to tell. Join us and contribute to our singular mission&#8212;enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.
            *IND-LSG
             Job Category
            Marketing
             Country / State &#8211; City
            US - California - Carlsbad
             Thermo Fisher Scientific
            is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Western Digital Technologies, Inc., Milpitas - CA
             Enterprise Select, Santa Clara - CA
             UnitedHealth Group, Santa Ana - CA
             UnitedHealth Group, Irvine - CA
             UnitedHealth Group, Long Beach - CA
             UnitedHealth Group, Orange - CA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Sr. Marketing Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}