   Product Data Science Leader (Manager / Senior Manager) - Proteus Digital Health | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
        Company Description
         Finding a good job is very good.
          Finding a good job in a dynamic, growing company is great.
          Finding a great job in a world-changing organization is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
          Welcome to Proteus Digital Health, where we&#8217;re pioneering a new category of products, services and data systems based on ingestible computing. Our core technology &#8211; the digital health feedback system &#8211; provides an unprecedented view into an individual&#8217;s personal health choices and physiologic response. This care-altering feedback system enables patients to better manage their health, allows more effective collaboration with caregivers and clinicians, all while enabling new information-based business models.
          What Amazon did with books, and Apple did with music, Proteus is poised to do with digital medicine. Come join our unique collection of innovative scientists, engineers, market makers, designers, doctors, developers, clinicians, and other digital health industry pioneers, and help us dramatically improve the lives of tens of millions across the globe.
          Job Title: Product Data Science Leader (Manager / Senior Manager)
          Team: Product Data Science
          Reports To:
         Head of Cloud Engineering and Product Data Science
          The energy and culture at Proteus is a contagious mix of passion, focus, relentless determination, and serious fun. Proteans are mission-minded and collaborate in a way that&#8217;s refreshingly encouraging. With all of this comes success and then growth, which is why you&#8217;re reading this now because we are seeking an experienced Product Data Science Leader (Manager / Senior Manager).
          In this role, you will h
          elp define the data science roadmap for Proteus.
          You will also develop a detailed understanding of how to use data to drive patient activation and clinical decisions.
          But it doesn&#8217;t end there. Here&#8217;s a summary of this great opportunity:
         Job Description
          Drive the product development initiatives around using data to drive patient activation and clinical decisions
          Define and develop predictive models to drive customer engagement and positive health outcomes using data sets from medical devices, clinical data, and electronic medical records
          Work on challenging fundamental data science problems in medical applications
          Propose and develop solutions independently and lead a group of other data scientists
          Develop a scalable A/B testing framework and process for evaluating changes to the user experience and features in terms of specific engagement or clinical outcomes
          Communicate findings to product managers and engineers
          Drive the collection and curation of new data and the refinement of existing data sources
         Qualifications
          Master&#8217;s Degree or PhD in a relevant technical field (machine learning, computer science, physics, mathematics, statistics, etc.)
          5 years of experience in building and leading a team focused on quantitative analysis
          Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches using machine learning methods
          Solid track record of using advanced statistical methods, information retrieval, and data mining techniques
          Comfortable manipulating and analyzing complex data from varying sources
          Able to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner
          Fluency with Python and Spark
          Familiarity with AWS EMR, Kinesis, S3, and Redshift
          Superb verbal and written communication skills
          Excellent organizational skills along with strong attention to detail
          Ability to work both independently and collaboratively with small, cross-functional teams
           Reasoning Ability
          Ability to apply principles of logical thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems.
           Physical/Mental Demands
          The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
          While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands and/or fingers to handle or feel; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk. The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
         Additional Information
          Ready for the ride of your life? We&#8217;re looking forward to receiving your resume!
          We provide our employees with a great benefits package, which includes: medical/dental/vision insurance, 401K, paid time off (PTO)&#8212;including your birthday off, employee stock options, a bright &amp; awesomely designed physical work space, a complimentary wearable device (i.e. Fitbit), fitness centers, and, of course free snacks &amp; beverages.
          About Us: Proteus has received FDA market clearance in the U.S. and a CE mark in Europe for its wearable and ingestible sensor devices. Headquartered in Redwood City, Calif., Proteus is privately held and funded by Carlyle, Essex Woodlands, Kaiser Permanente, Medtronic, Novartis, Otsuka, Oracle, ON Semiconductor, and other investors.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Brambles, San Francisco - CA
             Palo Alto Networks, Santa Clara - CA
             Clinical Management Consultants, Redwood City - CA
             Ascent, Redwood City - CA
             Ascent, Redwood City - CA
             Ascent, Redwood City - CA
             Clinical Management Consultants, Santa Rosa - CA
             Clinical Management Consultants, Los Angeles - CA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Product Data Science Leader (Manager / Senior Manager)
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}