   CyberCoders Job Application for Full Stack Software Engineer - Python/JavaScript/AWS | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            Do you want to work alongside a group of people that are making a real impact towards bettering lives around the world?
            Based in Union Square, SF, we are a science-based digital health company that is driven to solve the #1 health challenge of our generation. We are led by successful second time tech entrepreneurs, world class scientists and physicians, Software Engineers, Data Scientists, and we are backed by some of the Silicon Valley&#8217;s most prominent individual and institutional investors.
            Currently, we are looking to hire a Full Stack Engineer who has 3+ years of experience shipping Python and JavaScript code in high quality production environments. If you want to join our top-notch mission-driven team, we would love the time to tell you more about this amazing opportunity.
            Top Reasons to Work with Us
            1. Join a company driven to positively impact millions of people across the world
            2. Join our team of world-class scientists, engineers, designers, and clinicians
            3. Limited guidance - Tons of Autonomy
            4. Unlimited vacation
            5. Grab some equity from a soon-to-be juggernaut company
            6. Help reverse Diabetes for over 100M people by 2025!!!
            What You Will Be Doing
            - Code and ship complex new features on our web app at high velocity and high quality with well-structured code.
            - Troubleshoot debug, and fix issues in production and non-production environments.
            - Coach and mentor peer engineers to become great developers and recommend best practices and tools.
            - Help out with DevOps and IT tasks as necessary.
            What You Need for this Position
            - 3+ years of Python experience
            - 3+ years of JavaScript experience
            - Experience with Flask or Django
            - Relational Database knoweldge - PostgreSQL preferred
            - AWS products
            Bonus:
            - Experience with Reactjs is a big plus
            What's In It for You
            1. Competitive Salary
            2. Unlimited Vacation
            3. Full Benefits
            4. Equity
            So, if you are a talented Full Stack Engineer, please apply today!
            Interviewing now!
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Adam Ylinen
               Follow this company
               About this company
              CyberCoders
                CyberCoders, a division of On Assignment, is a leading permanent placement recruiting firm. Through our innovative technology and efficient recruiters, CyberCoders helps find the right candidate fast.
                Founded in 1999, CyberCoders is built on a success oriented culture. Above all &#8211; we know both candidates and clients want quality and they want it now. No other recruiting firm can offer Cyrus, our proprietary technology built to search smarter and quicker, matching the best applicant to the right job.
                Jobs from CyberCoders
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.