   Program Manager Job in Boston, Massachusetts US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Program Manager
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Program Manager
        Thank you for your interest in the Program Manager.
       To begin the application process, please enter your information below.
       We will save a record of this application.
       By applying to a job using Monster.com you are agreeing to comply with and be subject to the Monster
       and
       for use of our website.
            Job Summary
              Company
              Location
              Boston, MA
              Job Type
              Full Time
              Temporary/Contract/Project
              Job Category
              IT/Software Development
              Occupations
              General/Other: IT/Software Development
              Industries
              Computer/IT Services
              Job Reference Code
              Softworld_223387_1491254903
              Contact
              Softworld Inc
             Program Manager
              Program Manager
              Softworld Inc. is currently looking for a Mid-Level Program Manager to work with a well-known client in the greater Boston Area. As Manager of Project Management, you'll ensure that projects are executed efficiently, displaying a deep Web knowledge as you take responsibility for a large piece of business and lead team members forward to produce industry-leading work.
              Responsibilities
               Creating solid project plans and producing both top-down and bottom-up budgets that support both our interest and our client interests
               Developing status reports and working with capability project leaders to ensure resources are in place
               Managing, monitoring, and maintaining the project scope and communicating status of scope to team members
               Coordinating project deliverables and guiding the team on potential risks
               Incorporating testing and proofreading into projects
               Managing project communication and documenting issues and changes that affect the project
              Required Skills:
               5 to 7 years of experience, preferably at a creative agency, with 4 to 6 years of Integrated Production experience in digital scope
               Strong Web technologies experience and proficiency in Microsoft Project and Excel
               Will interface with business analysts, tech managers, software engineers, QA team and data scientists.
               Creative Agency experience is not required for this role. However, based on our experience working with this client, they also look for this creative background.
               Microsoft Project &amp; Excel
               A four-year college education
              Desired Skills:
               Scrum experience preferred (not necessarily certified).
               Ability to effectively negotiate and diplomatically manage conflict
               Excellent communication and presentation skills - you're articulate, poised and convincing
              Duration:
              6 Months +
            About softworld inc
               Softworld
              is a multifaceted staffing and consulting firm who is a recognized leader in the industry. With offices across the country we have the experience and infrastructure to support clients on a national level. Softworld has developed expertise across five distinct staffing and consulting practices over the past 20 years that include Technology Services, Life Sciences, Engineering, Government, and Banking.