   Lead Data Scientist - Coventry Health Care, Inc. | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
             Posting Job Title
            Lead Data Scientist
             EEO Statement
            Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer
             Req#
            40098BR
             Primary Location
            MA-Wellesley
             Locations
            MA-Wellesley
            CT-Hartford
            NY-New York
             Percent of Travel Required
            0 - 10%
             Potential Telework Position
            No
             Full or Part Time
            Full Time
             Supervisory
            No
             Job Description
               Aetna&#8217;s Consumer Health Services Analytics Team
              creates cutting edge analytic tools to drive better and faster decision making within the organization. We are currently looking for an exceptional
               Lead Data Scientist
              to play a pivotal role in the creation and deployment of information products. The position is office based in either our
               Wellesley, MA; Harford, CT or our New York, NY
              location.
               Position Summary:
              This is a unique opportunity for someone passionate about managing the successful delivery of the algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools to meet business needs. Will act as the Analytics Team Lead for large and complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks, providing individual mentoring in support of company objectives.
               Fundamental Components:
              &#183; Develops complex algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes.
              &#183; Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve multiple and complex business problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses and specialized expertise in the organization and/or industry.
              &#183; Applies analytical rigor &amp; statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques.
              &#183; Manage large and complex analytical projects: data exploration, model building, performance evaluation and testing.
              &#183; Behaves as mentor to junior team members to provide technical advice.
              &#183; Collaborate with business partners to develop technical/business approaches and new/enhanced technical tools.
              &#183; Interacts with internal and external peers and management to share highly complex information related to areas of expertise and/or to gain acceptance of new or enhanced technology / business solutions.
               Background/Experience:
              &#183; 7 or more years related experience; deep knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.
              &#183; Solid understanding of healthcare industry, products and systems.
              &#183; Demonstrates proficiency in all areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling and advanced in-depth specialization in some areas.
              &#183; Experience in SAS or SQL programming languages.
              &#183; Experience with big data technologies such as Python, R, Hadoop, and Tableau.
              &#183; Demonstrated ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form.
              &#183; Strong organizational and leadership skills; excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
               Education
              Master&#8217;s Degree; Ph.D. preferred.
               Additional Job Information:
              Aetna continues to build a world-class Data Science organization to capture data, understand context, generate insights and react in real time. We engage our business partners, providing solutions to improve the consumer experience, increase efficiencies, and optimize health outcomes for our members through leveraging cutting edge technology.
              Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come.
              We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives.
              Aetna is an equal opportunity &amp; affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities.
              We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard.
             Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click
             to review the benefits associated with this position.
             Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
             Employment Type
            Regular
             Career Band Description
            Professional
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             MAPFRE Insurance, Webster - MA
             Hollister Staffing, Boston - MA
             Hollister Staffing, Boston - MA
             Corporate Consulting Services, Inc., Boston - MA
             Sports Equipment, Boston - MA
             Hopper, Cambridge - MA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Lead Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}