   Senior Analyst, Advanced Analytics - (Job Number: 83713) - Liberty Mutual | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
         Description
          Advance your career at Liberty Mutual - A Fortune 100 Company!
         As a Analyst/Senior Analyst on the Claims Advanced Analytics team (within U.S. Consumer Markets), you will take the lead on understanding Claims business strategies, goals, and processes to identify the opportunities to deploy predictive/prescriptive analytics, as well as work through the practical application within a complex environment. U.S. Consumer Markets has put strategic importance and excitement around modeling in Claims. You will focus on building and presenting the business case to Claims Senior/Executive Managers where one or more models can optimize calls / claims channeling, reduce loss cost, increase staff productivity, or improve customer experience across various Claims lines of business (LOB&#8217;s). Once support is gained, you will be responsible for designing, executing, and monitoring a pilot to gather operational and analytical insights, and determine if there is value for a countrywide implementation. There is also the opportunity to learn to build simple linear and explanatory models from data scientists on the team. You will also support these data scientists in manual scoring of data for some deployed complex models. This dynamic role provides broad exposure to all Claims functions, offering a unique view into the operations, proposed improvements, strategic initiatives, and other new developments underway.
          Responsibilities:
          Seek and make business case for opportunities where predictive/prescriptive analytics can add value for each Claims LOB&#8217;s, with exposure to present to Claims Senior/Executive Managers
          Lead pilots and implementation strategies to operationalize advanced analytics with cross-functional groups like Claims Technology Business Systems
          Takes the lead in evaluating complex business requirements for operational and analytics considerations, working collaboratively across Claims to understand the big picture and incorporate ideas from others groups about implementation, success measures, etc.
          Support the design and execution of post-implementation monitoring processes to drive operational and Claims adjuster or Liberty Mutual customer adoption of deployed analytical insights and tools.
          Examine results to draw conclusions and identify areas of opportunity for improvement
          Develop and deliver PowerPoint presentations and written memos succinctly and effectively communicating analytical insights to multiple levels of management
          Work independently on assigned work and projects, prioritizing incoming requests
          Develop and document new standards or processes, and keep documentation updated, ensuring appropriate version control and compliance with record retention schedules
          Maintain a high level of organizational and operational awareness; independently seek out opportunities to enhance understanding.
          Qualifications:
          Bachelor&#8217;s degree or equivalent experience required
          2-3 years&#8217; experience in consulting, modeling and/or analytical roles
          Excellent communication and influencing skills
          Strong analytical, decision-making, planning, problem-solving and research skills along with intellectual curiosity which facilitates independent learning
          Demonstrated experience querying and analyzing complex data sets: statistical software packages (e.g., SAS EG) and data manipulation (SQL), Excel/VBA
           Benefits:
          We recognize that talented people are attracted to companies that provide competitive pay, comprehensive benefits packages and outstanding advancement opportunities. For this reason we offer a Comprehensive Benefits Plan that includes the following:
           401K and Company paid pension plan
           Medical coverage
           Dental coverage
           Paid time-off
           Pay-for-Performance
           Discounts on automobile and homeowner's insurance
           Discount&#160;fitness memberships
           Flexible spending accounts
           Tuition reimbursement
           Vision care coverage
           Work/Life resources
           Credit Union membership
           Employee and Dependent life insurance
           Disability insurance
           Accidental death &amp; dismemberment insurance
          Overview:
           At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives.&#160; We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.
           We&#8217;re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.
         Job
        Strategy &amp; Planning
         Primary Location
        US-MA-Boston
         Schedule
        Full-time
         Education Level
        Bachelor's Degree (&#177;16 years)
         Shift
        Day Job
         Travel
        Yes, 10 % of the Time
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Veritude, BOSTON - MA
             Endurance International Group, Burlington - MA
             HireMinds, LLC, Framingham - MA
             Staff Insight, Boston - MA
             American Tower Corporation, Boston - MA
             Hollister Staffing, Burlington - MA
             Senior QA, Boston - MA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Senior Analyst, Advanced Analytics - (Job Number: 83713)
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}