   Hollister Staffing Job Application for Data Scientist | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            Data Scientist
            Data Scientist
            Are you inquisitive and creative? Do you enjoy taking on challenging data questions and coming up with the tools that help people answer them? Then we think you should apply to this position&#8230;
            Our client is a professional services firm in downtown Boston. They are seeking a Data Scientist who is excited about machine learning, big data projects, and keeping their work on the cutting edge.  You'll be working with client-facing teams to develop powerful data analysis tools, as well as acting as SME for a wide variety of data-related topics. If you meet the qualifications below, please submit a copy of your resume TODAY!
             An ideal candidate will have:
             A master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or closely related field
             A keen sense of Intellectual curiosity, ability to comprehend and apply new concepts quickly
             At least 1 year of experience in a data science/ data analysis position, or position with related statistics/econometric analysis responsibilities
             Significant experience with OOP (Python, Java, or similar)
             Familiarity with R and SAS
             Exceptional communication skills, ability to collaborate with a team as well as train client-facing personnel on highly technical tools/concepts
             Some experience with AWS or similar
            GD123
             Hollister Staffing and all its related entities provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status or other categories protected by applicable federal, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Hollister Staffing
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Hollister Staffing
                Hollister, we have three highly specialized teams (Hollister Technology, Hollister Accounting &amp; Finance, and Hollister Administrative &amp; HR), each unique to the field it services and each dedicated to passion, integrity, respect, and open communication. These three teams work together in synergy under one vision: to deliver superior talent to the best local, regional and national organizations. Hollister is always looking for self-driven, entrepreneurial and passionate individuals to join our team. At Hollister, we understand the key to success within a company is its people. Great people are the heart and soul of our business and infuse the Hollister culture with what makes us special. Our people are the guiding force behind the Hollister experience and Hollister's success over the past quarter century. We invest in our people and support their growth both professionally and personally. This results in self-driven leaders who not only get the job done, but deliver best-in-breed service and delivery that speaks to their ability as individual leaders within a company of leaders.
                Jobs from Hollister Staffing
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.