   Data Scientist - Newton, MA (will work in Boston, MA area) - Thermalin Inc. | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          Objectives
          Work to evaluate novel insulin analogues from preclinical study results
          Reports to
          CEO
          Responsibilities
          Prepare data visualizations and analysis reports for board meeting, investor presentations and team progress meetings
          Format and analyze data to extract key performance parameters
          Perform statistical analysis on study results
          Update and maintain preclinical studies database/find new ways to improve upon current system
          Skills
          Knack for communicating stories through data visualizations
          Good problem solver and tinkerer
          Good project planning and time management leading to timely task completion
          Juggling several simultaneous projects
          Good listener. &#160;Strong, concise, and consistent written and oral communication
          Personal characteristics
          Meticulous and detail oriented, responsible &amp; mature
          Willingness to work in a dynamic environment and able to work on different types of projects
          Passionate, committed to excellence; driven to make projects and company succeed
          Persistent/tenacious, proactive self-starter, thorough follow-up; problem solver.
          Initiates change. Sense of urgency.
          Takes responsibility. Gets things done personally as well as through others
          Risk taker; flexible and adaptable. &#160;Comfortable with ambiguity.
          Good with people; team player; sense of humor
          Demonstrated strong ethics
          Must be eligible to work in the US.
          Background
          Bachelors Degree in life and/or physical science or quantitative major (courses in statistics a plus)
          At least 1-3 years experience, post graduation, in an industry setting as a data analyst
          At least 3 distinct, observable examples where achieved meaningful excellence
          Proficiency in Microsoft excel, Powerpoint (advanced functions, pivot tables, VB macros, charting visuals) and willingness to expand range of skills
          Knowledge or experience with any statistical software language (R, Matlab, SAS, Minitab, Sigmaplot, Prism, etc.) is a big plus or willingness to learn
          Ability to work in a remote office setting at times and be able to communicate with various professionals in the drug development field
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Waste Management, Framingham - MA
             Tyler Search, Boston - MA
             Company Confidential, Newton Center - MA
             Corporate Consulting Services, Inc., Boston - MA
             Sports Equipment, Boston - MA
             Hopper, Cambridge - MA
             MAPFRE Insurance, Webster - MA
             Reperio Inc., Boston - MA
             Hollister Staffing, Boston - MA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist - Newton, MA (will work in Boston, MA area)
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}