   Project Manager-Architect Big Data/Cloud in Medford, MA | Open Positions Jobs at Eliassen
      Your job has been added to the
      .
        Welcome to
         Project Manager-Architect Big Data/Cloud
         Medford, MA
          Requisition Number:
         261728
          Employment Type:
         Contract To Hire
        Job Type: Contract To Hire
        Job Id : 261728
         Position Summary
         Job ID: 261728
         Contract Length: 3 Month - Contract to Hire
         Our client has created technology solutions to keep drivers safe on the road. They are looking for a Project Manager to join their team in a contract to hire role. In this role, you will develop and manage a motivated, effective technical team in area of core competency. You will implement planning activities that ensure goals will be met. This person must develop an outstanding organization through good organizational structure, development of employee's capabilities, creative motivational programs and building positive working relationships. Additionally, the person in this role will direct and coordinate development and production activities of technology department by performing the following duties.
          What You'll Do:
          Oversee a team of Data Scientists - the Data Scientists are responsible for gathering the data, this data is then used for tracking purposes and implemented for use in the Driver 360 Platform
          The Driver 360 Platform is similar to the Product Verizon has developed and can sense crashes, call the police, track vehicle performance, communicate driver behavior to the insurance companies, parents can use the GPS services/functions when their children are using the cars
          Should have overseen technical, data centric projects
          Should have experience with the Front end, Middle tier and Back end
          The project involves Hadoop and Python
          Who You Are:
          Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
          8+ years relevant experience, 4 years of increasingly responsible management or project management experience in Data/cloud/big data Architecture
          Able to interact with customers (internal and external) at all levels of organization
          Proactively partners with other departments to provide information and feedback, analyze reports for continuous improvement and resolve issues
          About Eliassen Group:
         Eliassen Group has been driving the success of our clients, consultants, and employees within Technology Staffing and Consulting Services since 1989. For over 25 years, we have been at the forefront of innovation by uniting talented people and quality solutions within successful companies to help them attain their business objectives. Our solution oriented approach to understanding your needs ensures that we identify and represent the best possible talent available in the market, personally selected and matched to your requirements by our highly-tenured, extraordinarily capable recruiting team. Our consulting divisions include expertise focused on Agile, Biometrics &amp; Data Solutions, Creative Services, Government Services, Life Sciences and Workforce Management. Eliassen Group is privately held and headquartered in Reading, MA.
         Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
         Don&#8217;t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a
            !
          Requisition Number:
          Email this job
          To access this job from another computer, email this information to yourself or a friend.
          Job Location
         Get Notified for Similar Jobs
          Sign up to receive job alerts
       ABOUT US
       INTERNAL CAREERS
       DIVISIONS
       BLOG
      &#169;Eliassen Group 2016
      &#8226;