   Lead Data Scientist - Marketing Analytics - Coventry Health Care, Inc. | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
             Posting Job Title
            Lead Data Scientist - Marketing Analytics
             EEO Statement
            Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer
             Req#
            39751BR
             Primary Location
            MA-Wellesley
             Locations
            MA-Wellesley
            CT-Hartford
            NY-New York
             Percent of Travel Required
            0 - 10%
             Potential Telework Position
            No
             Full or Part Time
            Full Time
             Supervisory
            No
             Job Description
               Aetna&#8217;s Consumer Health Services Customer Insights and Analytics Team
              creates cutting edge analytic tools to drive better and faster decision making within the organization. We are currently looking for an exceptional
               Lead Data Scientist
              with a
               Marketing Analytics
              background. The position is office based in either our
               Wellesley, MA; New York, NY or Hartford, CT
              location.
               Position Summary:
              Manages and is responsible for the successful delivery of the algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools to meet business needs. Acts as the analytic team lead for large and complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks, providing individual mentoring in support of company objectives.Provides information based, data driven, decision making process in support of planning, designing, implementing, andmonitoring marketing campaigns and other demand generation efforts.
               Fundamental Components:
               Develops and/or uses algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes.
               Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve multiple and/or complex business problems. utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses and broad knowledge of the organization and/or industry.
              &#183; Applies analytical rigor &amp; statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques
              &#183; Manage large &amp; complex analytical projects: data exploration, model building, performance evaluation &amp; testing
              &#183; Behaves as mentor to junior team members to provide technical advice.
              &#183; Collaborate w/business partners to develop technical/business approaches and new/enhanced technical tools.
              &#183; Interacts with internal and external peers and management to share highly complex information related to areas of expertise and/or to gain acceptance of new or enhanced technology / business solutions.
              &#183; Formulates and implements long term modeling initiatives (eg. predictive modeling, segmentation, price elasticity, life time value) as well as other relevant advanced analytical procedures.
              &#183; Identifies and leads analytical process improvement initiatives including, but not limited to, data sources, targeting techniques, test and learn initiatives, reporting and monitoring of marketing campaigns and efforts.
              &#183; Develops customer and portfolio segmentation by applying different segmentation techniques.
               Background/Experience:
              &#183; 7 &#8211; 10 or more years of relevant programming and marketing data analytic experience.
              &#183; Deep knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.
              &#183; Demonstrates proficiency in several areas of data modeling, machine learning algorithms, statistical analysis, and data visualization.
              &#183;
               Solid understanding of health care industry, products, and systems.
              &#183;
               Marketing and consumer analytics including experience with customer segmentation.
              &#183; Experience in SAS or SQL programming languages.
              &#183; Experience with data technologies such as Python and R.
              &#183; Strong skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and in the external health care environment.
              &#183; Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners.
              &#183; Strong organizational skills; excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
               Education
               The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Master&#8217;s Degree.
               Additional Job Information:
              Aetna continues to build a world-class Data Science Organization to capture data, understand context, generate insights and react in real time. We engage our business partners, providing solutions to improve the consumer experience, increase efficiencies, and optimize health outcomes for our members through leveraging cutting edge technology.
              Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come.
              We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives.
              Aetna is an equal opportunity &amp; affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities.
              We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard.
             Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click
             to review the benefits associated with this position.
             Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
             Employment Type
            Regular
             Career Band Description
            Professional
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             MAPFRE Insurance, Webster - MA
             Hollister Staffing, Boston - MA
             Hollister Staffing, Boston - MA
             Corporate Consulting Services, Inc., Boston - MA
             Sports Equipment, Boston - MA
             Hopper, Cambridge - MA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Lead Data Scientist - Marketing Analytics
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}