   Data Scientist Job in Madison 53718, Wisconsin US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Data Scientist
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Data Scientist
             About Kforce
              Kforce
             continues to look for experienced technology professionals to join our team of great people! We have been matching job seekers and employers since 1962 and specialize in the areas of functional and business management, systems applications development, enterprise data management and infrastructure for commercial and government organizations. Kforce has established relationships with top employers and offers career advice and training at no cost to our consultants. We are committed to "Great People = Great Results" and offer exciting job opportunities across the United States.
             .
             The Opportunity
             Data Scientist
                RESPONSIBILITIES:
              Kforce has a client seeking a Data Scientist in Madison, WI.
              Summary:
              As a Data Scientist, you will analyze, mine and model data to evolve our solutions to optimize results for our customers in the logistics field. Perform advanced statistical analysis and build reliable mathematical models to identify trends in data. Recommend and execute new data collection methods. Use your programming experience to implement innovative solutions.
                REQUIREMENTS:
                Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Physics, Mathematics, or related field
                2+ years of experience working as a data scientist
                Experience in the logistics industry is desired
                Probability, statistics, and applied mathematics
                Proficient in statistical analysis, forecasting analytics, multivariate testing, and optimization techniques
                Experience with a range of data mining techniques
                Strong programming skills, especially in Python or C#
                Experience with tools and libraries for statistical analysis, such as SQL, R
                Experience in full project lifecycle from design to support, client/Server environment and source code control systems
                Resourceful problem solving skills, with the knowledge and confidence to ask the right questions so problems, issues or concerns are addressed quickly before they occur or become critical
                Responsive and reliable with keen attention to details
                Desire to enhance existing technology through innovative and collaborative approaches to exceed customer expectations
              Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
             Job Information
               Location:
                Madison, WI 53718
               Salary:
                75,000.00 - 120,000.00 $  /year
               Job Status:
               Full Time, Employee
               Career Level:
               Experienced (Non-Manager)
               Posted:
               4/10/2017
               Job Code:
               1300~EQG~1607323P1