   Lead Statistical Analysis Engineer - Schneider Trucking | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          Lead Statistical Analysis Engineer&#160;-
           Job Number:
          170824&#160;-&#160;Full-time
           Shift
          :&#160;1st Shift
            JOB SUMMARY:
           Schneider is looking for a Data Scientist to help design and build our next generation of analytics solutions.&#160; Using open source and licensed cutting edge modeling and visualization tools like R, SPSS, Python, and Tableau, you&#8217;ll be able to showcase your technical skills while working on highly visible, impactful, and challenging analytics problems.
           If you are a career minded Data Scientist and a technically curious professional, we want you to help us design, build and implement the technology roadmap to take our solutions to the cloud. As part of our analytics team, you&#8217;ll engage business and other technical teams to develop solutions that get used &#8211; not put on a shelf.
            DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES TO INCLUDE BUT NOT LIMITED TO:
            Develop sufficient understanding of business operations and practices to apply the appropriate methods, models and analysis.
            Prepare proposals, statements-of-work, project logs and updates, and presentations in a clear and concise manner.&#160; Document project assumptions and approach; track savings.
            Identify data sources and prepare data (merging data from different sources, cleansing, manipulation, etc.)
            Decide on approach, design, document, and implement analytical models for the purpose of delivering actionable business insights and decision support.
            Prepare and deliver written non-technical reports and presentations to executives and key decision makers indicating solution or range of possible alternatives solution pros and cons and technical recommendations.
            By choosing a career with Schneider, we improve your life by offering
           :
            Annual profit sharing bonuses available
            Strong work/life balance that includes paid holidays and generous personal time off
            Medical, dental and vision insurance plus company-paid life insurance
            401(k) savings plan with company match plus a company-paid retirement plan
            Tuition reimbursement and free financial service assistance
            Health Care Spending Account
            On-site services at some facilities including cafeteria, gym and fitness classes, walking/jogging trail, ATM, personal mail services, company store and much mor
            Resilient, values-based culture that drives safety, integrity in every action, respect and excellence in all we do
            Individual development opportunities through company-paid training, active leadership involvement and more than 170 online personal development courses
            EXPERIENCE AND REQUIREMENTS:
            PhD degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or a related field, OR Master&#8217;s degree + 2 years&#8217; industry experience required.
            Demonstrated ability to build effective business relationships with clients, peers and associates.
            Demonstrated ability to understand the uses and limitations of statistical methodologies (time-series forecasting, logistic regression, Random Forests, K-Mean Clustering and Bayesian Methods, Machine Learning, etc.) as well as ability to select the appropriate methodology to complete assignments.
            Demonstrated proficiency with a statistical programming languages and tools such as R, SAS, Python SQL, SPSS and Tableau.
            Experience with Big data (Hadoop Map/reduce, Spark, Hive, Pig, Mahout) and cloud computation (AWS, Azure) highly desired.
            Company Overview:
           Schneider is a premier provider of truckload, logistics and intermodal services.&#160; Offering the broadest portfolio of services in the industry, Schneider&#8217;s solutions include Van Truckload, Dedicated, Regional, Bulk, Intermodal, Transportation Management, Supply Chain Management, Warehousing and Port Logistics services. A $3.9 billion company, Schneider has provided expert transportation and logistics solutions since 1935.
            The Schneider Way:
            We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with honesty, dignity and respect.
            We are a desirable employer due to our commitment to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
            We are a responsible member of the community.
            Core Values:
            Safety-first and always
            Integrity in every action
            Respect for all
            Excellence in all that we do
           Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family.&#160; Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world. Apply today!http://www.schneiderjobs.com
           Job
          :&#160;Office
           Primary Location
          :&#160;USA-WISCONSIN-Green Bay
           Job Posting
          :&#160;Mar 24, 2017, 6:38:18 PM
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Kforce Inc, Green Bay - WI
             Westbe, Green Bay - WI
             The Payroll Company, Middleton - WI
             Rite-Hite, Milwaukee - WI
             SynergisticIT, Madison - WI
             Racine - WI
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Lead Statistical Analysis Engineer
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}