   Senior Python Developer Job in Alpharetta 30009, Georgia US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Senior Python Developer
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Senior Python Developer
             About Kforce
              Kforce
             continues to look for experienced technology professionals to join our team of great people! We have been matching job seekers and employers since 1962 and specialize in the areas of functional and business management, systems applications development, enterprise data management and infrastructure for commercial and government organizations. Kforce has established relationships with top employers and offers career advice and training at no cost to our consultants. We are committed to "Great People = Great Results" and offer exciting job opportunities across the United States.
             .
             The Opportunity
             Senior Python Developer
                RESPONSIBILITIES:
              Kforce has a client in Alpharetta, GA that is looking for a Senior Python Developer for a short-term engagement with ability to extend. The responsibility of this position is to develop code to support the creation of a product from ground zero to build out libraries within Python.
              Responsibilities:
                In collaboration with data scientists, deploy and maintain software needed for the product including the Linux operating system
                Ensure that the proper security standards are maintained for the development environment for access, data at rest and data inflight
                Implement python code to leverage work performed in the lab and other groups for the purpose of creating the product
                Utilize the Git source code control
                Carefully document the code and provide instruction manual for deployment and installation
                Assist in design of database stores used in the product including relational and graph based data stores; deploy and maintain the database stores per the agreed upon design
                REQUIREMENTS:
              The ideal candidate will have similar skills and abilities to perform the duties listed above. Any relevant education and/or training will be considered a plus.
              Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
             Job Information
               Location:
                Alpharetta, GA 30009
               Job Status:
               Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project
               Career Level:
               Experienced (Non-Manager)
               Posted:
               4/17/2017
               Job Code:
               1300~EQG~1620034T1