   Senior Software Engineer (.NET) - Perficient, Inc. | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
         At Perficient you&#8217;ll deliver mission-critical technology and business solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on the planet. And you&#8217;ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our close partnerships with the world&#8217;s biggest vendors. Our network of offices across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you the opportunity to spread your wings, too.
         We&#8217;re proud to be publicly recognized as a &#8220;Top Workplace&#8221; year after year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned, driven, and fulfilled.
          END-TO-END IS JUST THE BEGINNING
         If the fusing of powerful technology and management consulting with insightful agency strategy and creativity is a new convention, we&#8217;ve already broken it. How? Because to us, &#8220;End-to-End&#8221; is the price of entry for executional delivery. Our full-service Agency is designed to tackle our clients&#8217; ever-changing, ever-increasing business challenges by making sure the executional means never fail the strategic vision.
         We are a leading-edge digital agency where team members build their careers solving complex and interesting business problems for great brands and clients. Our team is comprised of 200+ experienced strategists, media planners, design pros, data scientists and engineers. Clients love us because we fuse strategy, creative and technology into data-driven solutions &#8211; and we bring the full weight of a tech-savvy consulting firm to support our best-of-breed agency.
         Perficient is looking for a
          Senior Software Engineer
         in our
          Midtown Atlanta
         office.
           (REQUIRED- to be onsite/in office at our Midtown Location)
          Job Overview:
         As a Senior Software Engineer, you will participate in all aspects of the software development lifecycle which includes estimating, technical design, implementation, documentation, testing, deployment and support of application developed for our clients. As a member working in a team environment you will take direction from solution architects and Leads on development activities.
           Participate in technical planning &amp; requirements gathering phases including design, develop, test, troubleshoot, and document engineering software applications.
           Ensuring that technical software development process is followed on the project, familiar with industry best practices for software development.
           May interface with internal &amp; external clients to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications.
           Demonstrate the ability to adapt and work with team members of various experience level (virtually and/or in-person).
           Learn and teach new development technologies, especially mobile technologies.
           Be knowledgeable on web technologies, helping guide internal and external discussions on implementation.
           May require an on-call rotation to support production applications.
           5+ years of professional experience working within the Microsoft development stack using several of the following technologies: Microsoft Visual Studio, C#, Microsoft ASP.NET MVC, Microsoft ASP.NET WebAPI, Microsoft Entity Framework 6+, Microsoft SQL Server, AJAX, HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.
           1+ years of professional experience with API development
           Understands responsive web development.
           Excellent written and oral communication skills; Ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical staff.
           Experience building applications end-to-end.
           Knowledge of Software Engineering Methodologies (Scrum, Agile).
           Knowledge of Software Design Patterns (Factory, Repository, State-Manager).
           Bachelors in Related Field (Computer Science, or similar Technology Field).
          Preferred Skills and Education:
           Interest in Xamarin development, and a willingness to learn (Xamarin University &amp; Xamarin certification).
           Experience working in an agency environment.
           Experience working with the following technologies: AngularJS, Gulp/Grunt, MongoDB, Sitecore 8, Amazon EC2, Azure, Elastic Search, UML 2.0.
           CSS3 Templates (SCSS/SASS, LESS).
           Experience developing REST-based APIs preferred.
           Background in technical and/or management consulting.
           Experience working on multiple projects and completing within scope, meeting internal and client deadlines, incorporating feedback, and effectively communicating with team members and fostering team collaboration.
           Experience working with a globally distributed team.
           Ability and willingness to learn, and quickly adopt our culture, practices and methodology.
         Perficient full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous work/life opportunities and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid time off plus holidays. Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great benefits are just part of what makes Perficient a great place to work.
          More About Perficient
         Perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global 2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America.&#160;With unparalleled information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities, Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry solutions.
         Our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce costs.&#160; Perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices across North America and offshore locations in India and China. Traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index and the S&amp;P SmallCap 600 index.
         Perficient is an award-winning
         , a
         and Gold Certified Partner, an
         , an
         , and a
         .
          Perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
           Disclaimer:
          The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by the employee assigned to this classification.&#160; Management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             AT&amp;T, Atlanta - GA
             IST Management Services, Atlanta - GA
             AT&amp;T, Atlanta - GA
             Willis Group LLC, Atlanta
             Medical Neurogenetics, LLC, Atlanta - GA
             Matrix Resources, Atlanta - GA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Senior Software Engineer (.NET)
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}