   Population Health Data Scientist, LIMR - Main Line Health | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          Population Health Data Scientist, LIMR&#160;-&#160;(41429)
            Description
          :
             Seeking a Population Health Data Scientist:
           The Main Line Health Center for Population Health Research (CPHR) at the Lankenau Institute for Medical Research is a partnership between Main Line Health and the Jefferson College of Population Health. CPHR aims to identify and explore the underlying social, economic, and physical determinants of population health in the community by collaborating with Main Line Health (MLH) stakeholders to establish data collection and evaluation processes for quality improvement, care delivery, or care coordination efforts already underway. By assessing these initiatives and their impact, CPHR can be a partner in identifying effective models to improve population health, as well as build evidence on successful implementation strategies.
            The Data Scientist role will support the Associate Director of Population Health Research in research design, data analysis, and reporting of results. The Data Scientist will have advanced analytic skills and use statistical, algorithmic, classification, modeling, and visualization techniques. In addition, the Data Scientist will integrate and prepare large, varied datasets, may architect specialized database and computing environments, and will communicate results.
             Education:
           Masters degree in Statistics, Biostatistics, Operations Research, Economics or related field required.
             Experience:
           Minimum of 2 years of experience in the Statistical field or in a related area.
           Experience in research design.
           Must possess strong knowledge base in statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytics, multivariate testing, and optimization algorithms.
           Must have strong programming skills and statistical modeling in software packages (such as SAS, R, STATA and SPSS).
           Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
           Displays a wide degree of creativity and independence.
           Must have a demonstrated history of strong interpersonal skills and the ability to take statistical topics and make them understandable to non-statistical individuals.
           Entity: Lankenau Institute Medical Research
           Department: Population Health Institutiona
           Shift: Day
           Weekend Requirements
           Salary Grade: 113
           Primary Location
          :&#160;United States-Pennsylvania-Wynnewood
           Work Locations
          :
           Lankenau Institute Med Resrch
           100 Lancaster Avenue
           Wynnewood&#160;19096
           Job
          :&#160;Research
           Organization
          :&#160;M063071000-Population Health Institutiona
           Schedule
          :&#160;Full-time
           Shift
          :&#160;Day Job
           Employee Status
          :&#160;Regular
           Job Posting
          :&#160;Feb 17, 2017, 5:52:33 PM
          Shift Details:&#160;1
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Anthem, Inc, Wilmington - DE
             Children's Hospital Of Philadelphia, Philadelphia - PA
             Techdata Service Company LLC, King of Prussia - PA
             Quintiles, Philadelphia - PA
             Anthem, Inc, Harrisburg - PA
             Analytic Recruiting, Inc., Seattle - WA
             Management Recruiters of Woodbury, Fair Lawn - NJ
             EBSI, Gaithersburg - MD
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Population Health Data Scientist, LIMR
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}