   Data Scientist Job in Raleigh 27613, North Carolina US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Data Scientist
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Data Scientist
        Thank you for your interest in the Data Scientist.
       To begin the application process, please enter your information below.
       We will save a record of this application.
       By applying to a job using Monster.com you are agreeing to comply with and be subject to the Monster
       and
       for use of our website.
            Data Scientist
                    Data Scientist
                    Raleigh, North Carolina
                   Piper Companies is looking for a Data Scientist to join a nationally recognized technology company in the Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina (NC) area. The Data Scientist will work with the top technologies available and be given the opportunity to help steer the team&#8217;s technical direction. &#160;The ideal candidate for the Data Scientist role should have a drive for success and unique problem solving skills.
                    Responsibilities for the Data Scientist:
                    Develop and apply statistical learning techniques to deliver performance data
                    Clearly communicate technical issues and develop solutions within the team
                    Translate business problems into mathematical algorithms
                    Requirements for the Data Scientist:
                    Ability to Communicate and document statistical methods and analysis
                    2+ years of data mining experience, analytics, and information retrieval
                    Hands on experience of software application development methodology and protocols, with hands on experience developing production software
                    Master&#8217;s Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science or related discipline required; PhD preferred
                    Compensation for the Data Scientist:
                    $100,000 - $120,000 per year base salary
                    Great Health, Dental, and Vision insurance
                    Competitive 401k and PTO package
                   Please send resumes to Cameron Reynolds at
            About Piper
              Piper
             is a niche human capital solutions and consulting firm specializing in the deployment of best-in-class services and staffing solutions within the IT Infrastructure, Software Applications, Business Analytics, Information Security, Clinical and Life Sciences arenas. Our consultants assist in the development and implementation of leading edge technological and scientific solutions. Our goal is to provide job seekers an expertly-guided transition to further their careers in these fields. With our team of driven professionals we are committed to building a long term and value-added relationship.
            Job Summary
              Company
              Location
              Raleigh, NC 27613
              Salary
               90,000.00 - 120,000.00 $  /year
              Job Type
              Full Time,  Employee
              Job Category:
              IT/Software Development
              Occupations:
              General/Other: IT/Software Development
              Industries
              Computer/IT Services