   Data Scientist Job in Raleigh 27610, North Carolina US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Data Scientist
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Data Scientist
        Thank you for your interest in the Data Scientist.
       To begin the application process, please enter your information below.
       We will save a record of this application.
       By applying to a job using Monster.com you are agreeing to comply with and be subject to the Monster
       and
       for use of our website.
            Data Scientist
              Data Scientist
             Piper Companies is seeking a Data Scientist for a growing financial institution in the Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina area.&#160; The Data Scientist will be in charge of data management, data organization, data modeling, and data analytics.
              Responsibilities for the Data Scientist include:
              Data collection, cleansing, and processing
              Gather and gather large amounts of structured and unstructured data
              Evaluate data models and process improvement
              Manipulate large amounts of data into models for analysis
              Communicate trends in data to various analysis teams
              Requirements for the Data Scientist include:
              1+ years of experience in data production/analytics
              Must have strong verbal, and written communication
              Experience with Python, R, Java JavaScript
              Linux and shell scripting experience
              Ability to work in a fast past environment
              Must have the ability to work well with teams as well as an individual contributor
              Experience in advanced statistics, mathematics, and finance is a plus.
              3.7 GPA or higher (GPA 3.5+ with work experience)
              Bachelor&#8217;s Degree Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or Finance, or a Master&#8217;s Degree in the previously mentioned fields is desirable.
              Compensation of the Data Scientist:
             $90,000 &#8211; $120,000 annually plus bonus potential and comprehensive benefits package
             Please send resumes to Donovan Price at
             or feel free to reach directly at 919-750-8145
            About Piper
              Piper
             is a niche human capital solutions and consulting firm specializing in the deployment of best-in-class services and staffing solutions within the IT Infrastructure, Software Applications, Business Analytics, Information Security, Clinical and Life Sciences arenas. Our consultants assist in the development and implementation of leading edge technological and scientific solutions. Our goal is to provide job seekers an expertly-guided transition to further their careers in these fields. With our team of driven professionals we are committed to building a long term and value-added relationship.
            Job Summary
              Company
              Location
              Raleigh, NC 27610
              Salary
               90,000.00 - 150,000.00 $  /year
               Bonus Potential
              Job Type
              Full Time,  Employee
              Job Category:
              IT/Software Development
              Occupations:
              Database Development/Administration
              Years of Experience
              2+ to 5 Years
              Career Level
              Experienced (Non-Manager)
              Industries
              Computer/IT Services
              Education Level
              Master's Degree