   Data Scientist / Machine LEarning Job in East Durham 27703, North Carolina US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Data Scientist / Machine LEarn...
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Data Scientist / Machine LEarn...
        Thank you for your interest in the Data Scientist / Machine LEarning.
       To begin the application process, please enter your information below.
       We will save a record of this application.
       By applying to a job using Monster.com you are agreeing to comply with and be subject to the Monster
       and
       for use of our website.
            Data Scientist / Machine LEarning
                   Data Scientist - Machine Learning
                  Piper Enterprise Solutions is seeking a Data Scientist with machine learning experience to join a growing bioinformatics company in the Raleigh-Durham area. The Data Scientist will be responsible for working with large, complex data sets to solve problems, creating then applying advanced statistical models, and working alongside development teams. The Data Scientist should be a strong programmer and able to bring knowledge in machine learning to the team.
                   Qualifications and Requirements
                   2+ years of experience as a Data Scientist, Computational Biologist, or Statistician
                   Experience in machine learning
                   Strong experience in Python, R, or C++
                   PhD in Bioinformatics, Statistics, Computer Science, or relevant field is preferred
                   Compensation
                   $105,000 - $130,000 annually
                   Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits
                   Competitive PTO policy
                   Matching 401k plan
                   Please submit all qualified resumes to Christopher Kampf&#160;at
            About Piper
              Piper
             is a niche human capital solutions and consulting firm specializing in the deployment of best-in-class services and staffing solutions within the IT Infrastructure, Software Applications, Business Analytics, Information Security, Clinical and Life Sciences arenas. Our consultants assist in the development and implementation of leading edge technological and scientific solutions. Our goal is to provide job seekers an expertly-guided transition to further their careers in these fields. With our team of driven professionals we are committed to building a long term and value-added relationship.
            Job Summary
              Company
              Location
              East Durham, NC 27703
              Salary
               105,000.00 - 130,000.00 $  /year
               full benefits, bonus, 401k
              Job Type
              Full Time,  Employee
              Job Category:
              IT/Software Development
              Occupations:
              Database Development/Administration
              General/Other: IT/Software Development
              Systems Analysis - IT
              Years of Experience
              5+ to 7 Years
              Career Level
              Experienced (Non-Manager)
              Industries
              Computer/IT Services
              Education Level
              Master's Degree