   Data Scientist Job in Charlotte 28277, North Carolina US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Data Scientist
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Data Scientist
             About Kforce
              Kforce
             continues to look for experienced technology professionals to join our team of great people! We have been matching job seekers and employers since 1962 and specialize in the areas of functional and business management, systems applications development, enterprise data management and infrastructure for commercial and government organizations. Kforce has established relationships with top employers and offers career advice and training at no cost to our consultants. We are committed to "Great People = Great Results" and offer exciting job opportunities across the United States.
             .
             The Opportunity
             Data Scientist
                RESPONSIBILITIES:
              Kforce has a client that is searching for a Data Scientist in Charlotte, NC.
              Role Value Proposition:
              Data Scientists in the client's Data Science organization work closely with cross-functional teams in marketing, distribution, product and other functions, leverage the client's rich datasets to develop and deliver propensity models and data-driven insights, and ultimately drive the client's top line growth. A successful candidate will be passionate about finding insights in data and using quantitative analysis to answer complex questions, with a collaborative and resourceful style.
              Key Responsibilities:
                Works independently on complex level data gathering, checking, manipulation, and analysis tasks
                Participates as team member or may be in charge of leading on research, data mining, predictive modeling, and/or business analytics projects
                Leads high level and large scale research, data mining, predictive modeling, business analytics project teams
                Builds or manages advanced level statistical and data mining models
                REQUIREMENTS:
                Master's degree in quantitative discipline (i.e., mathematics, statistics, economics, finance or related disciplines) and at least 3 - 4 years of related work experience or Bachelor's degree in the above fields and at least 6 years of related work experience
                Highly motivated, results-oriented, creative and nimble problem solver who uses technical data analytics skills and a willingness to go above and beyond to deliver business value quickly
                Strong working knowledge with statistical modeling tools and simulation software such as SAS/SPSS/R; expertise with open source technology preferred
                Excellent oral and written communication skills, including the ability to explain complicated quantitative concepts to non-technical stakeholders
                Ability to translate business requirements into detailed analysis plans; ability to prioritize requests to meet the most important and urgent business needs
              Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
             Job Information
               Location:
                Charlotte, NC 28277
               Salary:
                54.00 - 54.00 $  /hour
               Job Status:
               Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project
               Career Level:
               Experienced (Non-Manager)
               Posted:
               4/6/2017
               Job Code:
               1300~TND~1613302T1