   Staff Data Scientist (658511) - Ball Corporation | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
              Who We Are:
                Ball Aerospace leads the way in designing, developing and manufacturing innovative aerospace systems. We take on some of the most complex and exciting challenges in the universe--from space and Earth science to national security and intelligence programs.
                We produce spacecraft, instruments and sensors, RF and microwave technologies, data exploitation solutions, and a variety of advanced aerospace technologies and products. In addition, we pioneered the development of the commercial remote sensing market, producing spacecraft and imaging systems that helped spawn a market-driven demand for imagery.
                Our success is built on more than products or systems. Our team of more than 3,000 engineers, scientists, technicians and support staff drives all the achievements at Ball Aerospace. Whether contributing to a better understanding of the universe or helping keep our nation safe, our people bring their diverse backgrounds, perspectives and skills together to achieve a common mission.
                Ball Aerospace is a prime contractor leading development teams at AFRL and NASIC.&#160; Dayton personnel develop advanced hardware and software systems and provide management services to solve customer problems and create new capabilities.&#160; This includes designing and developing software tools and threat models, performing extensive data analyses, and executing modeling and simulations using both internally developed and standard models.
                Systems Engineering Solutions provides technical and professional services to defense, intelligence, homeland security and space science markets.
              Qualifications:
                  This position is contingent upon award of subsequent task orders
                 What You&#8217;ll Do:
                Position reports to the Ball Aerospace program manager in support of the Air Force in Tampa, FL.&#160; This&#160;position supports advanced analytics and problem solving in a think tank lab environment specializing in ISR, visualization, business, and financial operations.
                The position will develop and apply highly advanced technical technologies, scientific principles, theories, and concepts that advance the client&#8217;s technical expertise.
                 Work closely with customers and teammates to integrate numerous advanced concepts, data, and information from diverse arenas in order to synthesize an approach or technique to solve a problem.
                 Responsibilities will also include technical writing, preparing and presenting papers, reports, and briefings for the team and clients.
                 Perform technical projects.
                 Provide innovative research based on intelligence collection and production needs.
                 Algorithm enhancement and development.
                 Process Improvement.
                 Develop tools for algorithm characterization and optimization.
                 Research and develop mathematical/statistical techniques.
                 Document and present research results.
                 Communicate advanced concepts to senior leadership
                 Maintain a regular and predictable work schedule.
                 Establish and maintain effective working relationships within the department, the Strategic Business Units, the Strategic Support Units and the Company.&#160; Interact appropriately with others in order to maintain a positive and productive work environment
                 Perform other duties as necessary.
                 What You&#8217;ll Need:
                 A current Top Secret Clearance is required.
                 High school dipoloma plus 5 or more years related experience.
                 Advanced Technical Intelligence Certificate (ATIC) can be substituted for one year of experience
                 In addition to the experience requirements, a demonstrated capability to adequately perform the essential functions and responsibilities of the position and exhibit the skills and competencies of the grade level should be considered. Each higher-level degree, i.e. Master&#8217;s Degree or Ph.D., may substitute for two years of experience.&#160; Two years of related experience may be substituted for each year of education. Degree must be from a university, college, or school which is accredited by an agency recognized by the US Secretary of Education, US Department of Education.
                Utilize your knowledge of Defense intelligence all source analysis, Operations research / systems engineering and analysis Intelligence community databases and tools, non-Defense intelligence analysis, structured analytic techniques, and text exploitation and analytics with expertise in advanced tools such as:
                 Mixed Mathematical Capabilities:&#160; R Software w/extensive variety of modules (plugins - statistics, modeling, visualization)
                 Text Analytics - IN-SPIRE, Jigsaw
                 Text/Data - Net Owl, Gate
                 Mathematics Modeling - Matlab
                Knowledge of day to day data analysis tools are also necessary.
                 Spreadsheet / Data - Excel s/Power plugins, Tableau
                 Document Development - Word, MS Publisher
                An understanding of visual and geospatial analysis is an added benefit for the data scientist:
                 Geospatial Analysis - OpenGeo, ArcGIS, GeoTime, Clavin
                 Visual Analytics - Vortek (Starlight)
                 Visualization - Gephi, Word cloud tools
                 Graphics Production - PowerPoint, Adobe Creative Suite, Photoshop, HTML5
                 Working Conditions:
                 Work is performed in an office environment, laboratory, clean room, or production floor.
                 Travel and local commute between Ball campuses and other possible non-Ball locations may be required.
              Security Clearance:
                Successful candidate will have completed a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. *U.S. Citizenship is Required.
              Relocation:
                Relocation&#160;for this position is NOT Available
              EEO Statement:
                 US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
                 Equal Opportunity Employer
                 Minority, Female, Disabled, Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, Transgender and Veterans.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             AT&amp;T, Tampa - FL
             EMS Consulting, Tampa - FL
             Collab USA, LLC,
             S&amp;ME, Inc., Tampa - FL
             National Comprehensive Cancer Network, Fort Washington - PA
             Vision Group Holdings, West Palm Beach - FL
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Staff Data Scientist (658511)
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}