   Data Scientist Job in Temple Terrace, Florida US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Data Scientist
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Data Scientist
        Thank you for your interest in the Data Scientist.
       To begin the application process, please enter your information below.
       We will save a record of this application.
       By applying to a job using Monster.com you are agreeing to comply with and be subject to the Monster
       and
       for use of our website.
           Data Scientist
             |
                Temple Terrace, FL
             |
               4/11/2017
             Job Summary
             About Collabera
                 Job Status/Type:
                 Full Time Temporary/Contract/Project
                 Job Category:
                 IT/Software Development
                 Occupation:
                 General/Other: IT/Software Development
                 Industry:
                 Staffing/Employment Agencies
                 Career Level:
                 Experienced (Non-Manager)
                 Reference Code:
                 93015
             Since 1991,
              Collabera
             has been a leading provider of IT staffing solutions and services. We are known for providing the best staffing experience and taking great care of our clients and employees.
             Our client-centric model provides focus, commitment and a dedicated team to help our clients achieve their business objectives.
                Must have experience Data Science and Artificial Intelligence.
                Must have experience Strong data sciences background(Watson experience preferred)
                Must have experience in Robotic Process Automation(RPA) Technologies ( Automation Anywhere experience preferred).
                 Category:IT
                 code:new
              Job Requirements
                Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, Watson, Robotic and Automation
             &#8203;