   Pragmatics, Inc. Job Application for DCGS-SOF Data Scientist | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
                Job Description
                This position requires: &#160; ACTIVE DOD TOP SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE WITH SCI ELIGIBILITY.
              As a Data Scientist, you should be able to perform the following tasks:
               Address full spectrum of big data and information management challenges involving the Distributed Common Ground/Surface System Special Operations Forces (DCGS-SOF) program.
               Solve complex data problems, discovering fresh insights, and delivering data to the user that is timely and establishes unparalleled trust and confidence in the data and services that DCGS-SOF provides.
               Work closely with analytical cells to understand analyst behavior and their use of data, systems, and tools.
                Provide interpretation of new data sources relevant to the DCGS-SOF user community and recommend ways to apply the data to identify unique insights.
                Identify and analyze data shortfalls, hidden insights or anomalies and make recommendations on ways to apply the data and help to codify new data collection or system requirements.
                Identify discrepancies in the tactics, techniques or procedures (TTPs) currently used by analysts in the course of their varied mission sets and provide recommendations to improve (TTPs), methodologies, and tools and create efficiencies.
                Identify hidden insights or anomalies contained within the data and work with analysts and engineers to solve complex data problems facing the spectrum of DCGS-SOF users.
                Analyze and interpret the results of software solutions which are developed, measure and test the analytic results and communicate outcomes to decision-makers.
                Identify, understand, and decompose analytical problems and hypothesize approaches for answering those questions and assist in the development&#160; of capabilities and techniques to extract actionable insights and derive meaningful information from a variety of complex data sources containing structured, unstructured and sensor data.
                Attend forums and conferences and engage with industry and academia to ensure cognizance of the latest trends, technologies, and capabilities in the big data domain.
                Provide recommendations to current DCGS family of systems training methodologies to ensure that the DCGS-SOF user community is employing tools and capabilities appropriately
                Work with analysts to develop and document improvements or changes in the tactics, techniques or procedures if and when new approaches to the data require changes to TTPs or workflows.
               Required skills
               Hands-on experience in the following programming / scripting languages: Python, php, MATLAB, SAS, Numpy/SciPy.
               Experience working with noisy intelligence and operational data sets from multiple disparate sources to include unstructured, structured and sensor data in many disciplines such as all-source reporting, geographic information systems, biometrics reporting, imagery intelligence, signals intelligence, human intelligence, and open source intelligence.
               Experience working with large data sets and with distributed computing technologies such as MapReduce/Hadoop and Hive.
               Ability to communicate data analysis results in a clear and concise manner to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences.
               Ability to identify and understand an intelligence analytical cell's questions and translate responses into technical solutions and recommend innovative technology based solutions to meet those requirements.
              Ability to:
               Define and document appropriate advanced analytic methods, predictive analysis, pattern analysis, analyses of anomalies, etc.
               Define and document appropriate advanced analytic methods for selection, categorization, and predictive modeling.
               Create algorithms or predictive models that can be put into production and will transition the algorithms and models to the SITEC engineering team.&#160; Actively monitor those algorithms and provide recommendations to update as needed.
               Develop and document methodologies for analyzing all types of data and determine patterns in the data.&#160; Data may include social media, open source, signals intelligence, human intelligence as prioritized by the user community.
               Desired skills
               Demonstrated interest and experience in empirical research.
               Experience with identifying relationships, patterns and factors that drive data sets using statistical methods such as regression, correlations, clustering, and principle components.
               Ability to examine how data from multiple disparate sources creates relationships, patterns, associations and other factors that drive data sets and visualizations.
               Experience with defining new data collection methods as well as new system requirements for processing and visualizing data.
               Experience working with data generated from smart devices, web, mobile and social media and build "mash ups" to uncover new insights.
               Experience with developing predictive models, algorithms and best practices for answering analytical questions.
               Ability to engineer systems that organize and funnel data through the most efficient available configuration possible and translate the most valuable data into meaningful discussions that assist analysts and decision makers in problem solving.
               Ability to merge data sources together, ensure consistency of data-sets, frame visualization techniques to aid in understanding data, build mathematical models using the data, present and communicate the data insights/findings to various team members and leadership.
               Experience with preparing project reports detailing actionable insights, recommendations and courses of actions to operationalize those recommendations as well as the tasks necessary to operationalize those recommendations.
               Education and experience:
              Ph.D. in a relevant technical field and 10+ years of related experience in data analysis is required. Potential technical fields include, but are not limited to, mathematics, statistics, computer science, and physics.&#160; A Master of Science along with unique domain experience may be substituted for higher academic credentials.
               Clearance
                TS/SCI
                Company Overview
              Join an established and reliable mid-tier government contractor with a reputation for excellence.&#160; For over 30 years, Pragmatics, Inc. has provided state-of-the-art technology services and solutions to the federal government.&#160; We provide software engineering, agile business intelligence and analytics, audiovisual and learning technologies, cybersecurity,&#160;systems engineering, independent verification and validation, IT service management, program management, and transportation solutions.&#160; Pragmatics has diverse contracts with both defense and civilian agencies.&#160; We have been externally appraised at SEI CMMI&#174; Level 5 and are ISO 9001, ISO/IEC 27001, and ISO/IEC 20000-1 certified.
              Pragmatics strives to provide the highest level of customer satisfaction, as well as rewarding careers for our employees, who are hardworking, enthusiastic, and dedicated to superior performance.&#160; We encourage you to find out more about our company and our benefits at:
              .&#160;&#160;&#160;Pragmatics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Minorities, Women, Veterans and Disabled. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of a disability.
           See Job Description
            Additional Information:
              Job summary
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Pragmatics, Inc.
                Pragmatics is a leading solutions provider for agile software engineering, business intelligence and analytics, audiovisual and networking technologies, cybersecurity, systems engineering, and IT service management.  For more than 30 years, Pragmatics has engaged directly with federal government clients in both the defense and civilian sectors to solve their increasingly complex challenges.  We employ our advanced technical knowledge and in-depth understanding of each client&#226;&#8364;&#8482;s mission to develop and deliver innovative IT solutions.  Pragmatics has been externally CMMI&#194;&#174; appraised and rated Maturity Level 5 and is ISO 9001, ISO/IEC 20000-1, and ISO/IEC 27001 certified. Our investment in both the CMMI and ISO programs demonstrates our organizational commitment to continuous process improvement and quality management.
                We are actively recruiting talented technology and project management professionals with proven skills, a disciplined work ethic, and bold ingenuity to join the dynamic Pragmatics team.  We offer competitive benefits, a collegial environment, and an award-winning corporate culture that promotes innovation and integrity.  If you&#226;&#8364;&#8482;re ready to take your career to the next level and become a part of a growing, innovative, industry-leading organization, we&#226;&#8364;&#8482;d like to talk to you. We invite you to explore our website at
                or to contact Human Resources directly at 703-890-8500.
                Jobs from Pragmatics, Inc.
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.