   Senior Quality Assurance Engineer - Mobiquity | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
        About Us
        Mobiquity is a rapidly scaling digital engagement player with more than 400 colleagues around the world. We envision, design, create, and optimize compelling, game-changing digital solutions across all channels (think: mobile, web, voice, and IoT), combining our strengths in strategy, data science, and engineering.
        Technology and innovation drive what we do, and human experience inspires how we do it. We not only advise our Global 2000 clients but also love to build and launch products using realistic and pragmatic strategies.
        We are hunters, nerds, thinkers, tinkerers, and true believers in creating moments that change people's lives. We are makers, designers, marketers, data scientists, and coders who take pride in what we craft. And we are bright minds who find inspiration in those moments of engagement that we deliver to millions of people every day.
        We work within a wide variety of industries and have deep expertise in sectors including healthcare, consumer, retail, communications, and financial services. We're also proud to be an Amazon Web Services (AWS) Premier Consulting Partner, as this top-tier honor is one of many qualifications that differentiates us from the rest.
        Why Senior Quality Assurance Engineers Matter
        Our Senior Quality Assurance Engineers demonstrate experience doing both manual and automated testing. They bring both strategic vision and solid execution skills to test native mobile applications as well as web applications. They interpret and help configure the current Agile based development process in order to help continuous improvement efforts. They also estimate and investigate risks of QA tasks and set expectations/goals for each project.
        In addition, they meet with client QA team members to set expectations, and report findings back to our QA work streams. They create, maintain, and execute comprehensive QA test cases based on functional specifications and/or wireframes. They report informative and detailed defects throughout the project in addition to reporting individual status during daily Scrum meetings and QA meetings. Lastly, they follow up with owned defects to assure they're to closure.
        What This Job Entails:
        &#9679; Interpret and help configure the current Agile based development process in order to help continuous improvement efforts
        &#9679; Estimate and investigate risks of QA tasks and set expectations/goals for each project
        &#9679; Meet with client QA team members to set expectations, and report findings back to our QA work streams
        &#9679; Create, maintain, and execute comprehensive QA test cases based on functional specifications and/or wireframes
        &#9679; Report informative and detailed defects throughout the project
        &#9679; Follow up with owned defects to assure they're to closure
        &#9679; Clearly report individual status during daily Scrum meetings and QA meetings
        &#9679; Work in an organized manner to assure goals aren't missed
        &#9679; Be able to juggle multiple project priorities at the same time
        The Skills That Matter
        * Good communicator and team player with strong organizational skills
        * Ability to be proactive, find solutions and meet deadlines
        * 3+ years of work experience with software QA (mobile testing preferred)
        * Knowledge of mobile platforms such as iOS, and Android
        * Experience driving an Agile based process to improve teamwork and coordination
        * Experience communicating across teams to keep everyone on the same page
        * Experience testing web services, as well as responsive web applications
        * Experience executing functional, integration, penetration, and performance tests
        * Excellent oral and written communication skills
        * Automation experience with any programming language
        * A good sense of humor and a passion for technology
        Preferred Qualifications
        * BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
        * Experience with Appium or Selenium
        * Experience monitoring network traffic through a proxy or developer tools
        * Experience with Ruby or Javascript
        * JMeter experience with load testing enterprise applications
        * Experience working in an agile environment
        Mobiquity is an equal opportunity employer. We know that the best ideas come from a variety of sources; to cut our self off from the best candidate is bad business and, more importantly, bad citizenship.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             CyberCoders, Gainesville - FL
             Tower Hill Insurance, Gainesville - FL
             Southeastern Integrated Medical, Gainesville - FL
             Randstad Engineering, Gainesville - FL
             RECRO Gainesville LLC, Gainesville - GA
             Affinity Resources, Pembroke Pines - FL
             Alluvion Staffing Inc., Jacksonville - FL
             Genesis Global Recruiting, Plantation - FL
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Senior Quality Assurance Engineer
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}