   Data Scientist, Resolution Platform Program - Humana Inc. | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
               Data Scientist, Resolution Platform Program
                Requisition ID
               172266
               Business Overview&#160;At Humana, we&#8217;re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it&#8217;s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what&#8217;s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare.
                 Description
                  Role:
                 Data Scientist &#8211; Resolution Team Platform Program
                  Location
                 : Louisville, KY
                  Department:
                 Process Reporting Transformation
                 We&#8217;re looking for associates who are dedicated to service and believe in following the Golden Rule of treating others the way you want to be treated. Humana was founded on this premise, and this value is reflected in our expectations for providing perfect service to our consumers, providers, employers, agents and others we work with.
                 At Humana, Perfect Service&#174; means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, and providing everyone with personalized attention and guidance. We want to make it easy for our associates to complete complex processes, ultimately having a direct impact on our members. This includes meaningful direct consumer interaction and developing positive relationships with healthcare providers. Humana associates provide Perfect Service every day to our members, employers, providers, and colleagues. We&#8217;re looking for people who improve their own well-being by looking out for the best interests of others.
                  Assignment Capsule
                 Be a part of the Resolution Team Platform Program &#8211; bring your creativity to help build the platform of the future. Your creativity will be used to collaborate amongst other Resolution Team members and IT partners to plan and accomplish the goals of:
                   Achieve greater flexibility to more easily respond to evolving business needs, regulatory changes and competitive pressures
                   Provide greater interoperability to foster a Thrive Together culture across the organization to resolve members complaints quicker and more effectively
                   Ensure compliance
                   Enable the Resolution Team to institute a repeatable and scalable model that meets our business needs, makes associates successful, delivers a positive consumer experience for members and providers, and drives value for Humana
                   Support the organization in delivering the key strategic insights for the program through advanced analytics
                  Key Role Objective/Responsibilities:
                 Humana is seeking a Data Scientist who will provide analytical insights that guide the successful design of the intelligent and interactive operation process for new platform through data mining and predictive analytics.
                  Participate in discussions with the internal business partners to determine areas of challenge that are opportunities for analytics to be the right tool
                  Develop analytical constructs based on addressing business challenges
                  Develop predictive models to identify operational gaps, drive process improvement and identify business opportunities
                  Provide expertise and assistance in implementing model results in ongoing business processes
                  Combine and analyze diverse types of data to extract fresh, actionable discoveries about G&amp;A operation
                  Participate in developing and selecting new data sources and ensuring the quality and reliability of the data
                 Qualifications
                  Role Essentials
                   MS or Ph.D. in mathematics, computer science, engineering, political science, operations research, social science, statistics or other heavily quantitative and analytical discipline
                   3-7 years of experience
                  Proven ability to present solutions using both technical and non-technical arguments for business interpretation of models and results
                  Knowledge of applications that process millions of records
                  Knowledge of data mining, statistics, analytical methods and tools, techniques and algorithms
                   Experience using Python, SAS, SQL, SPSS or similar statistical tools
                  Role Desirables
                   Experience with health care data
                   Experience with SAS Enterprise Miner
                   knowledge of G&amp;A operation
                  Reporting Relationships
                   You will report to a Program Manager or Strategic Consultant.
                  This area is under the leadership of the Service Vice President, VP of Enterprise Solutions and Chief Human Resources Officer
                Schedule
               :&#160;&#160;Full-time
                Primary Location
               :&#160;&#160;US-KY-Louisville
                Role
               :&#160;&#160;Service Operations
               Work Environment Type:&#160;&#160;Office
                Travel
               :&#160;&#160;No
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             CyberCoders, Louisville - KY
             Anthem, Inc, Louisville - KY
             UPS, Louisville - KY
             UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, Louisville - KY
             Anthem, Inc, Louisville - KY
             Anthem, Inc, Louisville - KY
             Kforce Inc, Louisville - KY
             Analytic Recruiting, Inc., Seattle - WA
             Management Recruiters of Woodbury, Fair Lawn - NJ
             EBSI, Gaithersburg - MD
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist, Resolution Platform Program
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}