   Sr. Data Engineer - Specific Media | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
         Viant&#8217;s culture is a unique combination of strong leadership, ambition, collaboration, and fun, with incredible growth opportunities for our employees! We offer a fast-paced work environment, with a strong focus on employee engagement, recognition, and development.&#160;&#160; With a commitment to innovation from the top down, Viant continues to remain ahead of the curve in the rapidly changing ad tech marketplace. This creates a very exciting workplace that allows our employees to continuously expand their knowledge in all facets of digital marketing, while becoming industry thought leaders.
         Viant&#8217;s Engineering Department seeks a Sr. Data Engineer to join our Irvine, CA office. The Sr. Data Engineer will be involved in the full product lifecycle, contributing to Viant&#8217;s core product: The Identity Management Platform. Our Engineering team designs and implements big data systems, working with 50 terabytes of data and real-time map reduce to match against billions of transactions in real-time. For the right candidate, this is a great opportunity to work with distributed systems in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
         This position is ideal for someone with strong knowledge in Big Data Systems, working with distribution and storage in multi-threaded environments.
          Responsibilities
          Design and implement Big Data systems for batch and stream processing and fast analytics
          Design and implement dimensional data models that scales
          Partner with data scientists and analysts to explore structured and unstructured data to leverage business insights
          Define and build scalable ETL workflows for reporting and analytics
          Requirements:
          Bachelor's and/or Master's degree in computer science. PhD is a plus (or equivalent industry experience)
          Strong experience in Java and multiple threads/concurrency program paradigm
          Deep understanding of crunching/SQL over very large data sets, as well as related technologies (Google BigQuery, Google cloud storage, Spark, Mapreduce-like systems)
          Experience working in a fast-paced environment
          Experience with ETL tools or working on ETL processes
          Good sense of humor
          Desired
          Skills:
          Experience with cloud computing: GCE or AWS technologies
          NoSQL databases (like HBASE, Cassandra, MongoDB)
          Infrastructure tools like fabric/Capistrano/Puppet/Chef and monitoring tools like Splunk / Nagios
          Benefits:
          Competitive Salary and Bonuses
          Paid benefits for the employees:
          Medical, Dental, Vision, LTD, Life insurance/AD&amp;D
          Paid parental leave
          401k
          Summer &#8220;Work from Anywhere&#8221; Fridays
          Health and Wellness programs
          Employee discounts &#8211; e.g. gym memberships, wireless plans, entertainment tickets
          Fully stocked kitchen
          Casual Office Atmosphere
          Commuter Benefits Program
          Ongoing Education &amp; Training
          Company Sponsored Events &amp; Team Building Experiences
          About Viant:
         Founded in 1999,
          Viant Technology LLC
         is a leading global people-based advertising technology company, enabling marketers to better plan, execute, and measure their digital media investments through our cloud-based platform. &#160;Built on a foundation of people instead of cookies, the Viant Advertising Cloud&#8482;&#160;provides marketers with access to over 1 billion registered users globally, one of the largest registered user databases in the world, and infuses accuracy, transparency, reach and accountability into cross device advertising.
         Viant owns and operates Adelphic and MySpace, and is a member of the Xumo joint venture. In 2016, Viant became a subsidiary of Time Inc. (NYSE:TIME), one of the world&#8217;s leading media companies with over 100 influential brands including People, Sports Illustrated, Fortune and Time.&#160; In 2017, Viant acquired Adelphic, a mobile-first, programmatic demand side platform (DSP),&#160;forming the industry&#8217;s first self-service people-based DSP.
         #LI-LF1
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Computer Staff, Inc., Santa Ana - CA
             Lassen, Irvine - CA
             Anthem, Inc, Cerritos - CA
             Anthem, Inc, Downey - CA
             Anthem, Inc, Costa Mesa - CA
             Newport Corp., Irvine - CA
             OceanX, LLC, Foothill Ranch - CA
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Sr. Data Engineer
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}