   CyberCoders Job Application for Senior Data Scientist | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            If you are an experienced Data Scientist capable of structuring unstructured data and translating complex problems into actionable insights, we're looking for you!
            Our mobile-first platform is disrupting the multi-billion dollar entertainment industry and reinventing the way consumers experience movies. We've partnered with the top movie studios and theaters, raised over $50 million in funding, and are on-target for a record breaking year of revenue. We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our talented team. You'll be working across various teams (marketing, product, operations and sales) to drive strategy, growth and monetization.
            This is a ground floor opportunity with a first-of-its-kind product. APPLY NOW!
            Top Reasons to Work with Us
            1) Strong compensation package including benefits, bonus and stock.
            2) Awesome workspace in Santa Monica
            3) Help establish dominance for an unparalleled technology
            4) Disrupt a multi-billion dollar industry
            What You Will Be Doing
            - Developing data stores out of massive amounts of structured &amp; unstructured data
            - Data analytics &amp; visualization to drive strategy &amp; insights
            - Tackling challenges like user acquisition, consumer response, ad modeling, and pricing
            What You Need for this Position
            A Master's or equivalent experience PLUS:
            - Data mining &amp; data pipeline architecture
            - SQL/HQL/Redshift
            - Python (and libraries like NumPy/SciPy etc)
            - R, Matlab or similar tools
            - Machine learning/Algorithm development experience
            - Statistical Analysis
            - Data Visualization
            So, if you are an experienced Data Scientist, APPLY NOW!
           CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Jason Kuna
               Follow this company
               About this company
              CyberCoders
                CyberCoders, a division of On Assignment, is a leading permanent placement recruiting firm. Through our innovative technology and efficient recruiters, CyberCoders helps find the right candidate fast.
                Founded in 1999, CyberCoders is built on a success oriented culture. Above all &#8211; we know both candidates and clients want quality and they want it now. No other recruiting firm can offer Cyrus, our proprietary technology built to search smarter and quicker, matching the best applicant to the right job.
                Jobs from CyberCoders
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.