   Matrix Resources Job Application for Data Scientist Intern | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
            Position
           : Data Scientist Intern
            Location:
           Orange, CA
            Term
           : 6-month Contract Seeking a Data Scientist Intern for a 6-month contract opportunity in Orange, CA.
           Individuals in this role are expected to be prospect experts in identified research areas such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, computational statistics, and applied mathematics, particularly including areas such as deep learning, graphical models, reinforcement learning, computer perception, natural language processing and data representation. &#160;The ideal candidate will have a keen interest in producing new science to understand intelligence and technology to make computers more intelligent. Responsibilities
             Perform tasks to advance the science and technology of intelligent machines.
             Perform tasks that enable learning the semantics of data (images, video, text, audio, and other modalities).
             Devise better data-driven models of human behavior.
             Work with large, complex data sets. &#160;Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed.
             Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
             Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale.
           Minimum Qualifications
             Experience in Machine Learning, AI, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, data science, or related technical fields.
             Experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches.
             Experience manipulating and analyzing data from different sources.
             Experience in theoretical and empirical research and for answering questions with research.
             Knowledge in some programming language.
              Job summary
               Follow this company
               About this company
              MATRIX Resources
               MATRIX brings a true Agile perspective to technology staffing and solutions. This makes it easier for candidates to get great work and for clients to get great work done. What&#8217;s behind it all? Three things: (1) more agility &#8211; we think fast, act fast, and bring more agility to Agile itself; (2) more stability &#8211; with 30+ years in business, incredibly low turnover, and a reputation for doing the right thing; and (3) an ability to see below the surface &#8211; in our recruiting, our consulting, and everything we do. It&#8217;s how we&#8217;ve become one of the top 25 staffing firms in the U.S. and the go-to partner for some of the toughest development projects our clients face.
                Jobs from Matrix Resources
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.