   Conduent Job Application for Healthcare Data Scientist (remote base candidates welcome) | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
             Midas+ Solutions (part of Conduent) is a quality-driven company known throughout the healthcare industry for its excellence in product, integrity and client support. We have a proven track record of building enduring relationships with clients by understanding and anticipating their needs and then exceeding their expectations.
             Midas+ pioneered as a quality management solution in the acute care setting, today our vision is to provide distinct yet tightly integrated solutions that address strategic performance management needs. For more information, visit
             .
             Role and Responsibilities - Healthcare Data Scientist ( remote base candidates welcome)
             In collaboration with the Analytics department, PARC, and other Conduent or non-Conduent data scientists, develop, enhance, and maintain statistical models that generate new business insights or deliver predictive services to Midas+ clients.
             &#183; Understand complex computational and statistical techniques used to develop novel approaches for data analyses.
             &#183; Expert with a statistical analysis tool such as R, Octave, MATLAB, KNIME, Julia, Python, and SAS; design machine learning models for data discovery and predictive insights.
             &#183; Collaborate and communicate with software developers in the translation of research model to production code.
             &#183; Translate and effectively communicate complex concepts to a broad audience.
             &#183; Partner with the stakeholders to understand the business drivers, immediate and long-term opportunities, and identify solutions.
             &#183; Collaborate and communicate with data integration teams when data quality issues are discovered.
             &#183; Maintains appropriate knowledge of clinical and financial systems used across the healthcare continuum.
             Qualifications and Education Requirements
             Masters or PhD degree in Statistics or related field.
             Required Skills
             &#183; 5+ years demonstrated ability to employ analytic software tools, statistical methodologies, and Business Intelligence to large data sets residing within relational or object oriented databases
             &#183; Advanced SQL skills
             &#183; Strong written and verbal communication skills
             &#183; Strong Programming skills and experienced with object oriented languages
             Preferred Skills
             &#183; Ability to educate and mentor Analytics team members
             &#183; Experience with PMML
             &#183; Experience with NLP
             &#183; Experience with scripting language
             &#183; Experience with large transactional data sets and high volume data
             &#183; Experience with temporal data
             &#183; Experience with prescriptive analysis
             &#183; Concrete experience with the following methods:
             Classification-(Decision Trees, Logistic Regression, Neural Net, SVM, Random Forest)
             Regression-(linear, Nonlinear, Boosted Regression Trees, Hierarchical)
             Clustering-(K-means, Fuzzy C-means, Hierarchical Clustering, Mixture Modeling)
             Time-Series- (AR, ARMA, GARCH)
           Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with Conduent Business Services or one of its subsidiaries may request such accommodation(s) by sending an e-mail to
           . Be sure to include your name, the job you are interested in, and the accommodation you are seeking.
            #A3
              Job summary
               About this company
              Conduent
                Conduent, a new business process services company, will launch in early 2017 following its separation from Xerox.
                Conduent is changing the way businesses and governments interact with people -- creating client value by modernizing and improving the constituent experience. We're making a difference in these people's lives each day.
                Jobs from Conduent
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.