   Agency Pursuit Lead - Perficient, Inc. | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          Agency Pursuit Lead, Perficient Digital:
         At Perficient you&#8217;ll deliver mission-critical technology and business solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on the planet. And you&#8217;ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our close partnerships with the world&#8217;s biggest vendors. Our network of offices across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you the opportunity to spread your wings, too.
         We are proud to be publicly recognized as a &#8220;Top Workplace&#8221; year after year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned, driven, and fulfilled.
          END-TO-END IS JUST THE BEGINNING
         If the fusing of powerful technology and management consulting with insightful agency strategy and creativity is a new convention, we&#8217;ve already broken it. How? Because to us, &#8220;End-to-End&#8221; is the price of entry for executional delivery. Our full-service Agency is designed to tackle our clients&#8217; ever-changing, ever-increasing business challenges by making sure the executional means never fail the strategic vision.
         We are a leading-edge digital agency where team members build their careers solving complex and interesting business problems for
         Our team is comprised of 200+ experienced strategists, media planners, design pros, data scientists and engineers. Clients love us because we fuse strategy, creative and technology into data-driven solutions &#8211; and we bring the full weight of a tech-savvy consulting firm to support our best-of-breed agency.
          Opportunity Overview:
         The Agency Pursuit Lead is a pivotal role, key in the continued success of the organization. This person focuses on establishing strong relationships across the firm, driving the pursuit process and ensuring the success of the organization across sales and delivery. This role is designed for leaders who understand agency capabilities and org structure at significant detail. This person is assertive, intuitive and possesses strong organization and higher-thinking skills.
         Perficient Digital is an integral division of a publicly traded technology and business optimization company. The winning candidate will have the opportunity to team up in selling a complete set of agency capabilities backed by some of the strongest technical delivery capabilities in the market. Perficient Digital has strong revenue growth targets and the Pursuit Lead will have a broad charter to help meet these goals with full support from agency management.
          Understand complexities of large programs/projects and provide guidance for constructing the proposal response story.
          Establish scope, create schedules, develop estimates, and control risks for proposal responses.
          Facilitate proposal responses by leading cross-discipline team and process, building consensus and coordinating with other business units and stakeholders.
          Manage timelines, collateral and deliverables for pursuit process across multiple teams.
          Collaborate with project stakeholders, end-users, business partners, and technical team members to deliver high quality projects.
          Work with business development leads for effective pitch strategy creation and deal negotiation.
          Coordinate with delivery team to ensure efficient and effective handoff post-sale.
          Establish benchmark scope/investment/timing for frequent engagements.
          8+ years of Project Management, Account Director or Solution Architect experience in a Digital Agency environment. Desired experience in managing projects through the full project lifecycle of a project.
          Preferred 6+ years of managing multi-million dollar pipelines and programs for agency or consultancy business. Must have experience consulting with net-new clients and providing recommendations in pitch or SOW format.
          Design-thinking, solution selling, strategic thinking skills a must.
          Thorough comprehension of the value that Marketing Strategy, Content Strategy, Design/CX/UX, Digital Marketing, Mobile, etc. brings across multiple verticals.
          Must have excellent leadership, interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills.
          Well-versed in industry best-practices and current technologies.
          Hands-on experience with proposal creation and leading proposal presentations.
          Strong relationship management, account management, and sales support experience.
          More about Perficient
         Perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global 2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America. With unparalleled information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities, Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry solutions.
         Our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce costs.&#160; Perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices across North America and offshore locations in India and China. Traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index and the S&amp;P SmallCap 600 index.
         Perficient is an award-winning IBM Premier Business Partner, a Microsoft National Service Provider and Gold Certified Partner, an Oracle Platinum Partner, an Adobe Business Solution Partner, and a Salesforce Platinum Consulting Partner.
          Perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Sanofi US, St. Louis - MO
             Interstate Business Systems, Inc., St. Louis - MO
             Kindred Healthcare, St. Louis - MO
             Attune Food Group, St. Louis - MO
             FCS Financial, St. Louis - MO
             River City Marketing, St. Louis - MO
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Agency Pursuit Lead
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}