   Apex Systems Job Application for Data Engineer | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
             Job Description
             Job #:
            743243
             Apex Systems is seeking a Data Engineer in St. Louis, MO. &#160;Will consider relocation candidates. &#160;Please submit updated resumes to
             This position is needed to support Global Breeding - Asia Africa China database systems. The Data Manager role is responsible for maintaining the integrity of production data across multiple integrated systems and supporting developers and testers during the application release process. The successful candidates will analyze scientific data, and design and implement SQL solutions for production data issues. The candidate should demonstrate high attention to detail, good problem solving and communication skills, and the ability to work independently. Heavy on IT Technical Skills including Oracle SQL/PostgresSQL, Hadoop, Neo4j, API calls, Hbase, Hana, Riak) also nice to have some strength in various IT Languages: Java, python, R, SAS, Spotfire. Requires a degree or 3-5 years experience in field or related area.
             Data Manager
             Sustainable agriculture is at the core of what we do. We are committed to developing the technologies that enable farmers to produce more crops while conserving more of the natural resources that are essential to their success. We are&#160;passionate about using Data Science and Information Technology to improve agriculture and thus in over 60 countries, Monsanto has established industry-leading products
             My client is seeking an exceptional data manager to support Corn breeding of the China CSI organization and become an integral member of our Global Corn Breeding Organization by joining our multidisciplinary team of data scientist/analytics. The person will utilize their technical skills and plant breeding and genetics knowledge in a fast paced R&amp;D team environment to develop solutions and accelerate the China pipeline and product development efforts. In addition to their strong technical skills the successful candidate must have excellent leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills, a proven track record of solving challenging and complex problems, as well as a strong commitment to achieving results.
             Responsibilities:
             &#8226; Large scale analyses and data management of plant breeding data to support breeding effort in China. Using phenotypic and molecular data from existing databases, develop generalized procedures to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of &#160;selection and testing programs. Will also evaluate and optimize product placement strategies.
             &#8226; Support Corn breeding and advancement process by collaborating with various teams, including breeding, breeding IT, analytics, data management, Licensing, TD, and TI teams et al.
             &#8226; Support hybrids make-up and seed logistics, and coordinate ex-China MSP in Chile by working and collaborating with diverse teams across global
             &#8226; Support Corn Breeding team on molecular breeding, including but not limited to: molecular marker data analysis, QAQC/FP project creation and submission; TI and CMS conversion coordination et al.
             &#8226; Manage China corn data and pipeline, and coordinate China projects by collaborating with different functional teams
             &#8226; Own and drive specific projects and implementation by leveraging &#160;Global expertise and resources to identify and lead specific core projects that will bring value to CSI breeding
             &#8226; Participate in cross-functional collaborative teams with Breeding, Trait integration, Genomics and Biotech, Technology Development, Corn Crop Teams
             &#8226; Consult and provide support to software developers and other IT specialists to transform prototype analyses and decision methods into production applications for use by crop breeders. This will also include training of breeding teams with the roll-out of new breeding technology software tools.
             Requirement:
             &#8226; PhD in Plant Breeding and Genetics, Crop Science or related field with 1-3 years&#8217; experience; or a Master&#8217;s Degree with 3-5 years&#8217; experience
             &#8226; Strong knowledge in Plant breeding and genetics, molecular breeding, and understand hybrid crop breeding process and field experimental design
             &#8226; Strong knowledge in Oracle database and database programming skills in retrieving data using SQL queries and/or MYSQL Server
             &#8226; Strong knowledge in Statistics and programming skills in R or SAS
             &#8226; Ability to work collaboratively in interdisciplinary teams and ability to work independently within a multidisciplinary matrix teams with people from diverse backgrounds
             &#8226; Ability to creatively consider novel applications of new or existing technologies to the improvement of the commercial pipeline.
             &#8226; Strong project management and organizational skills, and proven ability to meet deadlines
             &#8226; Highly effective written and oral communication skills
             Desired Skills:
             &#8226; Excellent knowledge in Corn or other hybrid corps breeding and genetics, molecular breeding
             &#8226; Knowledge and experience in agricultural database management and programming skills in SQL and R, R shiny and Spotfire visualizations highly desired
             EEO Employer
             Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at
             or 844-463-6178.
              Job summary
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Apex Systems
                Apex Systems and parent company On Assignment combine to be the 3rd largest IT staffing firm in the U.S. Founded in 1995 and headquartered in Glen Allen, Virginia, Apex utilizes specialized technology and industry practice groups to deliver the most talented and qualified technical professionals for temporary and permanent placements with clients within all major industries. Apex has a presence in 49 markets and over 6,500 contract employees currently placed in companies throughout the country.
                Throughout the years, Apex has been recognized as a leader in the staffing industry and recently won awards for corporate growth and client satisfaction. Apex offers significant opportunities for advancement as we expand to meet the needs of our clients and the marketplace.
                Jobs from Apex Systems
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.