   Data Scientist 2-17000ET7 - Oracle | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
         Job Description
        Data Scientist 2
         Preferred Qualifications
          Oracle Data Cloud (ODC)/Datalogix is on the cutting edge in development and deployment of measurement methodologies for digital media.&#160; Our Data Scientists play key roles in implementing these pioneering methods in partnership with the biggest advertisers and digital media platforms in the world.
          Oracle's Datalogix product helps over 50% of the top 100 advertisers and over 90% of the top 50 digital media and ad tech companies succeed by connecting their media to the world&#8217;s largest platform of 1:1 offline purchasing data. Only Oracle leverages over %243 trillion in consumer spending to address and measure the effectiveness of digital advertising across all key verticals, including Retail, CPG, Automotive, Telecom and Financial Services.
          In the past two years, Oracle's Datalogix product has created some of the industry&#8217;s biggest advancements in digital targeting and measurement and is recognized as the industry standard for accuracy and accountability. Even in the face of this sustained hyper-growth, we&#8217;ve managed to stamp out bureaucracy and preserve the energy, creativity, nimbleness, individual empowerment and fun of an emerging product line!
         The Data Scientist in the Oracle Analytics organization is responsible for analytics activities in support of major digital marketing initiatives.&#160; The role will &#8220;flex&#8221; across all ODC verticals and media partners/platforms, offering a unique opportunity to add value to clients and the business across a wide variety of interesting and challenging analytics/business problems.
         The Data Scientist will interface &#160;with external clients, digital media partners, sales, account management, graduate level statisticians, software engineers, operations, and product management.
         The Data Scientist has responsibility for providing a critical link between the most technical areas of the Oracle Data Cloud and our clients, identifying and solving complex questions for our digital and offline marketing products through quantitative means.
          Primary responsibilities include:
           Performing value-add, insights-oriented analytic work across the organization.
           Effectively communicating findings - establishing credibility and rapport with audiences ranging from analysts to media planners at ad agencies to client marketing leadership teams
           Delivering client and campaign-specific analysis needed to establish (or improve) product value, including:
             Creation of effective test/control frameworks for both offline and digital campaigns
             Evaluation of results from offline and online campaigns
             Troubleshooting underperforming output
           Creating impactful presentations that: Communicate analytical findings in an intuitive manner, overcome sales objections and provide compelling recommendations that are supported by well-conceived, hard hitting and pragmatic analysis.
           Building and compiling analysis datasets from disparate systems and technology platforms
           Managing a queue of analytic projects
           Improving existing work or authoring original analyses that advance our ability to: Interpret results, deliver more effective predictive models and address previously undiscovered challenges that reduce our ability to deliver outcomes that exceed client expectations.
           Working with Product Management, R&amp;D, and Engineering Organizations to generalize, test and scale the most valuable analytical approaches that you have discovered on client or campaign specific analyses.
          Skills and Qualifications:
           BA or BS in Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, or Engineering. Advanced degree in marketing or quantitative discipline highly desired
           1-2 years of data science or applied analytics experience in consumer marketing analytics role, including campaign effectiveness analysis.&#160; CPG, Retail, and/or Auto experience and digital campaign measurement strong pluses.
           Demonstrated technical proficiency:
             Database and/or SQL skills, including &#8220;big data&#8221; experience (billions of records)
             Experience with leading statistical analysis software packages or programming languages (SAS, R, Python) a strong plus
           Cloud computing experience a plus.
           Solid verbal, interpersonal and written communication skills
           Exceptional problem solving skills with unrelenting focus on practical business implications.
           Collaborative, positive attitude with desire to work in a demanding, fast paced, and dynamic work environment for a rapidly growing company
         Detailed Description and Job Requirements
        Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse &#8220;big data&#8221; sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement.
        Interacts with product and service teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments. Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments to product, service, and business managers.
        Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures.  2 years relevant experience and BA/BS degree preferred.
         Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.
         Job:
        Business  Operations
         Location:
        No
         Job Type:
        US-CO,Colorado-Broomfield
         Organization:
        Regular Employee HireOraclefalse
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Kaztronix LLC, Denver - CO
             Levi Ray and Shoup, Inc, Longmont - CO
             Anthem, Inc, Colorado Springs - CO
             Ascent, Westminster - CO
             Anthem, Inc, Denver - CO
             Analytic Recruiting, Inc., New York - NY
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist 2-17000ET7
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}