   Data Scientist Consultant Job in Piscataway 08854, New Jersey US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Data Scientist Consultant
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Data Scientist Consultant
             About Kforce
              Kforce
             continues to look for experienced technology professionals to join our team of great people! We have been matching job seekers and employers since 1962 and specialize in the areas of functional and business management, systems applications development, enterprise data management and infrastructure for commercial and government organizations. Kforce has established relationships with top employers and offers career advice and training at no cost to our consultants. We are committed to "Great People = Great Results" and offer exciting job opportunities across the United States.
             .
             The Opportunity
             Data Scientist Consultant
                RESPONSIBILITIES:
              Kforce has a client seeking a Data Scientist Consultant in Piscataway, New Jersey (NJ). The Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer will develop and apply machine learning algorithms and techniques. Candidates must be eligible to work on a W2 basis with Kforce for this role.
                REQUIREMENTS:
                Graduate degree (MS or PhD) with a specialization on data analysis/machine learning/data science is strongly preferred
                Ability to apply a broad range of algorithms to varied data science problems
                Expertise in machine learning theory and practice
                Experience applying regression, classification, and clustering algorithms to varied types of data
                Experienced with supervised and unsupervised learning
                Experience with data science languages like R, Python
                Experience with building and testing predictive Models
                Apply very large amount of training data set to train models
                Experience with Hadoop, Machine Learning, R, Python, Sparks
                Good understanding of Machine Learning Algorithms
                Solid understanding of testing and tuning the model
              Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
             Job Information
               Location:
                Piscataway, NJ 08854
               Job Status:
               Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project
               Career Level:
               Experienced (Non-Manager)
               Posted:
               4/10/2017
               Job Code:
               1300~AQG~1605003T1