   IVD testing Job in Flanders, New Jersey US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         IVD testing
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        IVD testing
        Thank you for your interest in the IVD testing.
       To begin the application process, please enter your information below.
       We will save a record of this application.
       By applying to a job using Monster.com you are agreeing to comply with and be subject to the Monster
       and
       for use of our website.
           IVD testing
             |
                Flanders, NJ
             |
               4/13/2017
             Job Summary
             About Collabera
                 Job Status/Type:
                 Full Time Temporary/Contract/Project
                 Job Category:
                 IT/Software Development
                 Occupation:
                 General/Other: IT/Software Development
                 Industry:
                 Staffing/Employment Agencies
                 Career Level:
                 Experienced (Non-Manager)
                 Reference Code:
                 92214
             Since 1991,
              Collabera
             has been a leading provider of IT staffing solutions and services. We are known for providing the best staffing experience and taking great care of our clients and employees.
             Our client-centric model provides focus, commitment and a dedicated team to help our clients achieve their business objectives.
                Prepare human blood samples for IVD testing
                Create test tubes with known concentrations of doping agents in human blood.
                Blood and doping agents arrive in large volume containers.
                Each test tube shall be prepared with a pre-determined level of one or more doping agent as per a test plan.
                The doping agent concentration shall be confirmed by running the test tubes on an existing, validated IVD instrument.
                Prepare ~200 test tubes per week. Create variants of each test tube (ex. applying additional barcode labels, capping / decapping the tube, etc.).
                Prepare ~1,000 variants per week.
                Process prepared human blood samples on IVD device under development
                Load the prepared blood samples onto various prototypes of the IVD device under development.
                Run prototype data collection SW with simple GUI designed for someone with a technician level of training / education.
                Unload samples and store / dispose of used tubes according to standard laboratory bio-hazard practices.
                Provide feedback to HW / SW development teams on any unusual system behavior / issues encountered during data collection.
                Collate collected data and prepare it for data scientists by following simple pre-developed instructions / tools.
                Training shall be provided for all equipment / procedures / tools / etc.
                 Category:IT
                 code:new
              Job Requirements
                Experience level 10 years as Biochemist Manager or equivalent.
                Supervise other technicians / interns
                Provide direction to technicians / interns who do not have a bio-medical background in order to increase the productively of required tasks.
             &#8203;