   Data Scientist (Full time) - RangTech | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
        Company Description
         Our Profession is our Passion! We at
          RangTechnologies
         specialize in planning, implementing, managing, and staffing Information
          Technology Solutions
         and Services. Our goal is to help our clients define their investments in technology, optimize processes that bring fast-track success, and deliver business-critical applications to improve performance. We value diversity. We operate as one team, bringing highly qualified and experienced software and management professionals with advanced degrees in Computer Science, Management, Engineering, Statistics and Bioinformatics.
         The values that drive our success are:
          &#8226;&#160;Strategy:
         We
          help
         our clients&#8217; growth by achieving competitive advantage and creating value.
          &#8226;&#160;Quality:
         We believe in &#8216;Quality First&#8217; and &#8216;Quality Must&#8217; in solutions we deliver.
          &#8226;&#160;Support:
         We bring ideas and talent to empower
          business performance
         with new-age technologies.
         We take pride in
          building
          strategic
         long-term relationship with our clients.
        Job Description
           Responsibilities:
           Developing predictive models in the area of marketing
           Understanding business problems and translating it into data mining problems
           Applying techniques such as clustering, classification and association
           The key personnel shall also demonstrate experience using advanced analytic techniques such as modern econometric methods, multivariate statistical analysis, clustering and segmentation, experimental design, optimization and text analytics.
           Machine learning
           Fraud detection
        Qualifications
           Basic:
           MS in Analytics or Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Operations research, Financial Engineering or related field.
           Programming skills with either SAS or with ( R, &amp; Python.)
           Experience/Interest in machine learning, data mining, and predictive analysis
           Excellent verbal and written communication skills
            Desirable:
           Experience with natural language processing
           Experience in building production machine learning systems using big data
           Experience with open-source tools (Hadoop/Pig/Hive, Mahout, R, Weka, etc.)
           Experience in data visualization and presentation
           Experience in Digital Advertising
           Work Authorization Status:
           US Citizens and Permanent Residents
           Any EAD including H4, J2, L2
           F1-OPT/CPT
           ; E-Verified and Support for OPT Extensions
           H1 Visa and GC sponsorship
           TN Visa for Canadian Citizens
           E3 Visa for Australian Citizens
        Additional Information
         All your information will be kept co-MS in Finance, Financial Engineering, Analytics or Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Operations research, or related field.
         -Good understanding of Probability of Default (PD), LGD and EAD modeling technique.
         -Very good understanding of Predictive modeling techniques and their application.
         -Knowledge of Credit life cycle.
         -Statistics and machine learning techniques.
         -Conducted and applied statistical methodologies including linear regression, logistic regression, ANOVA/ANCOVA, CHAID/CART, cluster analysis
         -Team player and collaboration skills.
         -Programming skills in R, SAS, and PYTHON.
         -Fluency with Excel, PowerPoint and Word
         -Strong written and oral presentation / communication skills &#8211; must have the ability to convey complex information simply and clearly
         nfidential according to EEO guidelines.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             ISG Search Inc, Toronto - ON
             Sollers, Menlo Park - NJ
             Aspen Capital, Beaverton - OR
             Enterprise Select, Santa Clara - CA
             UnderPar, Toronto - ON
             Visionist, Inc., Columbia - MD
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist (Full time)
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}