   Senior Director, Translational Development - Celgene Corporation | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          Description
           Celgene is a global biopharmaceutical company leading the way in medical innovation to help patients live longer, better lives. Our purpose as a company is to discover and develop therapies that will change the course of human health.&#160; We value our passion for patients, quest for innovation, spirit of independence and love of challenge. With a presence in more than 70 countries - and growing - we look for talented people to grow our business, advance our science and contribute to our unique culture.
          Translational Development at Celgene
          A role of Translational Development at Celgene is to provide disease specific patient selection strategies, insights into target engagement and downstream phenotypic effects to guide and support early phase development programs and late clinical development programs in solid tumors including but not limited to GBM, Lung and Pancreatic Cancer. &#160;Development of deeper understanding of the biology, pathophysiology, oncogenic, microenvironment and immunological influencers in these disease states to empower existing and future Celgene assets.
          Translational development is a central theme of many pipeline and acquired assets at Celgene. The position holder will be expected to develop a large matrix of internal and external stakeholders across relevant diseases and drug MOAs. At the moment the drug assets span IO, epigenetics and protein homeostasis but since we have a highly active process of external innovation and partnership the incumbent must demonstrate the ability and willingness to pick up new areas of basic and applied science as required.
            Position Description:
          &#8226;Leads translational disease team with deep disease, drug development and business knowledge in solid tumors.
          &#8226;Leads and oversees execution of strategy on all components of translational development approach in disease area including but not limited to various aspects of patient selection strategies in solid tumors and translational research
          &#8226;Liaises with key Celgene Research and Early Development thematic centers of excellence areas including protein homeostasis, immune-oncology, bio-therapeutics and epigenetics and companion diagnostics group to help formulate and execute on &#160; new hypotheses driving new clinical biomarker assays for unmet need segments, disease strategy for new targets and development candidates and ensure seamless transition of patient selection strategies beyond Phase 1
          &#8226;Liaises with late clinical development program to support late clinical R and D and MAST projects
          &#8226;Supports regulatory and communication needs of late phase compounds and approved drugs for the disease area
          &#8226;Identifies needs, gaps and translational questions and applies knowledge across all disease programs and assets in Celgene portfolio and combinations with external assets
          &#8226;Serves as translational representative on Disease Strategy Team and interfaces with commercial, clinical, Project leadership and regulatory teams to define patient segments of unmet need based on rapidly evolving clinical programs and commercial landscape
          &#8226;Overall manager and leader of disease focused scientific team who delivers on research lab projects, Celgene and IIT clinical trial projects and oversight of TD scientists in the disease area to enable decision making for patient stratification/identification and response criteria.
          &#8226;Leads small and large collaborations with academia and industry partners to identify biobanks, clinical trials and existing databases to collate multi-parameter genomic and clinical datasets to mine for novel biomarkers of unmet need patients in conjunction with computational biologists, data scientists and statisticians
          &#8226; Interfaces with common functions including lab head to coordinate laboratory projects including combinations and resistance mechanisms, collection and maintenance of biobank samples for assay discovery and validation across disease area and with scientific writer to address regulatory responses
          &#8226;Key activities will also include working closely with clinical investigators, identifying opportunities for translational medicine projects, delivering high quality presentations and acting as an internal disease expert.
          *LI-CB1
          Qualifications
          M.D. and Ph.D. with significant immuno oncology and solid tumor experience
            Qualifications:
          &#8226;M.D. and Ph.D. in with significant immune oncology and solid tumor experience
          &#8226;Exposure to working within or interfacing with clinical teams
          &#8226;Deep disease and drug development knowledge
          &#8226;Expertise in the integration of preclinical research and clinical drug development
          &#8226;Ability to lead basic research programs as well as development and execution of clinical correlative science strategies
          &#8226;Management experience with the ability to set priorities, direct projects and implement complex strategies and work on cross-functional teams
          &#8226;Highly effective teamwork and interpersonal skills and the ability to work across numerous scientific disciplines
          &#8226;Able to communicate in both written and verbal format complex and detailed information in a manner that enhances understanding and ensures that the recipient will be able to apply the information presented.
           Celgene is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status.
           Celgene complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act. All applicants must have authorization to work for Celgene in the U.S.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             New Jersey Transit, Newark - NJ
             Liberty Personnel, Bridgewater - NJ
             Parker Home, Piscataway - NJ
             Broadridge Financial Solutions, Jersey City - NJ
             Pfizer, New York - NY
             Company Confidential, Morristown - NJ
             GSP International, Livingston - NJ
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Senior Director, Translational Development
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}