   Clinical Data Scientist - C. R. Bard, Inc. | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
            The Clinical Data Scientist (CDS) draws on their extensive clinical and scientific knowledge to ensure relevant
            data are collected on clinical studies and that the data collected are clinically plausible.
            The CDS will perform
            detailed review of clinical study protocols, ensure the data collection requirements are clear and identify th
            critical data elements required to be collected in support
            of
            the study endpoints.
            The CDS will interact with
            division personnel
            as
            well as perform their own independent research to gain a thorough understanding of
            disease states, procedural details and therapeutic areas.
            The CDS will interact with Data Management and
            members of the Clinical Affairs team to develop high quality and concise CRFs targeted to evaluate the study
            endpoints.
            He/She will provide input into
            the
            development of edit checks
            that
            examine medically meaningful
            correlations among the various data points.
            The CDS will routinely review clinical data to ensure clinical
            accuracy and proactively identify any trends that may adversely impact data quality.
            The CDS will
            b
            responsible for leading the development of reports that facilitate medical monitor and/or data monitoring committee review of the safety data as well as perform MedDRA coding of adverse events.
            The CDS will
            provide input into the Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) and actively participate in Dry Run review meetings
            conducted by Statistics. He/She serves as a resource for Data Management to facilitate an understanding of the
            scientific aspects
            of
            the clinical study.
            Perform detailed &#160;examination &#160;and &#160;provide &#160;feedback &#160;on &#160;study &#160;protocols &#160;to &#160;ensure &#160;the &#160;data collection
            requirements are clear and supportive of the study endpoints.
            Design high quality CRFs in collaboration with a cross functional team that are clinically meaningfully,
            accurately reflect the data collection requirements identified in the study protocol, and consistent with
            internal standards.
            Define edit check specifications and data review listings that examine correlations among the various data
            points and ensure the data is clinicaJiy meaningful.
            Review data on a continuous basis to ensure clinical accuracy and proactively identify trends that may
            adversely impact data quality. Communicate findings and ensure awareness across the study team and
            management as appropriate.
            Drive development of reports to facilitate medical monitor and/or data monitoring committee review of
            safety data.
            Provide input into the SAP and participate in
            Dry
            Run review activities.
            Performs MedORA Coding of adverse events.
            Serves as a resource &#160;for Data Management to facilitate an understanding &#160;of the scientific aspects of the clinical study.
            Participates in User Acceptance Testing to ensure the quality and integrity &#160;of the clinical study database
            design and associated edit check programming prior to the study database being released to collect data.
            Maintains knowledge of current regulations and technologies related to
            the
            data management function.
            Provides mentoring/coaching of new hires and/or junior &#160;associates.
            Maintains accurate and complete study records.
            Effective communication skills both verbal and written.
            Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and accountable for managing multiple studies
            concurrently.
            Demonstrates leadership abilities.
            Understands clinical research process and regulatory requirements.
            Able to
            acquire
            and
            apply
            new
            technical
            skills.
            Establishes rapport and collaborates with other (internal
            and
            external) team members; builds
            constructive and effective relationships.
            Anticipates problems, issues, and delays; proactively looks to minimize the impact to the project. Follows through on all tasks and ensures quality results.
            Multi-disciplinary knowledge across functional areas.
            Experience with relational databases used in Data Management or Safety.
            BS or MS degree in scientific discipline
            Minimum 2 years experience working in the pharmaceutical/medical device industry
            Minimum 5 years working in a hands on clinical environment {cath lab, core lab, nursing)
            Experience with MS Word, Excel and Powerpoint
          Computer, phone, and travel
          Office
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Management Recruiters of Woodbury, Fair Lawn - NJ
             Knowledgent, Warren - NJ
             Newt Global Consulting, LLC, Warren - NJ
             Bracco Diagnostics Inc, Jamesburg - NJ
             Kforce Inc, Piscataway - NJ
             NAVITAS, Berkeley Heights - NJ
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Clinical Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}