   Full Stack Mobile Developer - Verizon Wireless | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          Responsibilities
            If you are curious about new technology and the possibilities it creates, then this job may be perfect for you. As part of the Information Technology team, you will work on new technologies and find ways to meet our customers&#8217; needs and make it easy for them to do business with us on digital channels. You will use your expertise to solve complex problems and find unique solutions. The work you&#8217;ll do every single day will make people&#8217;s lives, work and play better.
            We are looking to hire a Full Stack Mobile&#160;Developer to join our Mobile Apps Development Team.
             Anticipate the technical needs of VZW&#8217;s Mobile Apps and Analytics teams and the ability to develop solutions to address these needs in a dynamic environment.
             Design end to end mobile personalization solution that can integrate machine learning models with J2EE architecture, expose the personalization solution into mobile clients as APIs and integrate APIs into mobile apps.
             Develop an environment that can simultaneously run/test multiple machine learning algorithms and choose the best solution for the entire population.
             Support data scientists with the data and programing environment to build and integrate data models.
             Build personalization APIs to cater to the needs of Mobile first as well as non-Mobile consumers.
             Understand the metrics requirements to measure personalization effectiveness and design solution to meet such requirements.
             Work across multiple teams with Android developers, IOS developers, Hybrid developers and Server side developers to develop solutions to securely transfer data between the native mobile app and the middleware.
             Work multiple teams with Hadoop/Hive/Hbase developers, Data Scientists, Machine Learning experts to develop solutions to prioritize the Digital Feeds on the Mobile First application.
             Work across multiple teams with different levels of technical expertise and to collaborate with Business Analysts, Quality Assurance teams, User Acceptance Teams and Production support teams.
          Qualifications
            Must have:
             Bachelor&#8217;s degree or four or more years of work experience
             Four or more years of relevant work experience
            Ideally, you&#8217;ll also have:
             Bachelor&#8217;s degree of Science in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field, or equivalent technical experience.
             Expertise in the development and evaluation of micro-services and service oriented architectures.
             Demonstrated expertise in the understanding of mobile app development paradigm on&#160;iOS and Android.
             Experience in the understanding of mobile app's synchronous and asynchronous calls from iOS and Android.
             Demonstrated expertise in software implementation issues, including data structures and algorithms, and a deep understanding of how different implementation choices will affect the mobile app performance.
             Experience in Open Stack architecture and associated implementation and design issues.
             Demonstrated expertise in understanding the Security requirements on Mobile Apps to safeguard PCI/CPNI data.
             Demonstrated expertise in the available performance optimization mechanisms available for Mobile apps in terms of parallel processing the back end APIs.
             Experience with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence techniques and tools such as Neural Networks, Logistic Regression, Deep Learning, classification and clustering.
             Technologies &#8211;
               Server side technologies
                :
               Hands on programming experience&#160;on Java, J2EE, SQL, PL/SQL, C, C++, XML, HTML, JavaScript, Swift 3, and JSON.
               Databases and Backend
                :
               Experience on Oracle 10g, Oracle 11g, WebSphere application server 7.0, Sun Java Application server, Oracle WebLogic 12, Oracle Web Commerce platform, JBoss Fuse ESB, Jboss Drools Workbench, Hadoop/Hive/Hbase and Apache Tomcat.
               DevOps tools
                :
               Experience&#160;on software management tools like Git, SVN and Accurev.
             Understanding&#160;of technologies like Servlet, JSP, JDBC, SOAP, RESTful, AWS, Enterprise Integration Pattern and AJAX. Working experience on frameworks like Spring, Spring boot, Spring MVC, Apache Struts, Apache Camel, Apache CXF, Apache Axis, Jackson mapping, .Net Framework 2.0 and Apache Tiles.
             Knowledge of machine learning algorithms like linear regression, logistic regression, random forest, K-means, neural networks etc.
             Understanding&#160;of app development paradigm on&#160;iOS and Android.
             Knowledge of Soap UI, Swagger, Eclipse IDE, Spring STS, Maven2, Xcode 7/8, Source Tree and Jenkins CI.
             Not to boast, but a little bit about us
            Verizon powers America&#8217;s fastest and most reliable network. We&#8217;re also leading the way in cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and video entertainment. Technology moves fast and so do we. We believe that bringing great ideas and customer experiences to life should be recognized and rewarded.&#160; Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.
          Equal Employment Opportunity
         We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer&#160;- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status.&#160; Different makes us better.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Cloud Point America, Princeton Township - NJ
             Big Wednesday Digital, Newark - NJ
             Alternate Communications, Warren - NJ
             Newt Global Consulting, LLC, Warren - NJ
             Knowledgent, Warren - NJ
             Disys - McLean, Warren - NJ
             AgreeYa Solutions, Warren - NJ
             AgreeYa Solutions, Warren - NJ
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Full Stack Mobile Developer
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}