   Fixed Income VBA SQL Developer / Data Scientist Job in Jersey City 07310, New Jersey US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Fixed Income VBA SQL Developer...
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Fixed Income VBA SQL Developer...
             About Kforce
              Kforce
             continues to look for experienced technology professionals to join our team of great people! We have been matching job seekers and employers since 1962 and specialize in the areas of functional and business management, systems applications development, enterprise data management and infrastructure for commercial and government organizations. Kforce has established relationships with top employers and offers career advice and training at no cost to our consultants. We are committed to "Great People = Great Results" and offer exciting job opportunities across the United States.
             .
             The Opportunity
             Fixed Income VBA SQL Developer / Data Scientist
                RESPONSIBILITIES:
              Kforce has a client in Jersey City, NJ that is seeking a Front Office Fixed Income VBA SQL Developer, Data Scientist and Support role.
              Summary:
              The successful candidate will be able to troubleshoot problems in real time in a fast-paced environment. The teams focus is Excel VBA, SQL and Python development with associated system support. Development responsibilities include design, development, testing and implementation. There is am or evening coverage support of systems. The candidate will understand and comply to Project Life Cycle Methodology in all planning steps.
                REQUIREMENTS:
                Front office, Middle Office or Risk Management facing roles
                Front office support (3+ years)
                Market Data (3+ years)
                VBA for Excel (3+ years)
                SQL (Sybase, SQL Server) and data modeling (5+ years)
                Ability to troubleshoot VBA and SQL issues in real time
                Python is desirable
                Knowledge of fixed income products is key
                This role is Business facing and superior communication skills are required
                Must be able to multi task support and development
                High energy/self-motivated with pride in their work
                Good documentation skills
                Strong troubleshooting skills
                Strong analytical skills and ability to perform data analysis
                Knowledge of financial products such as Fixed income, Interest Rates, Volatility, etc
                Able to independently manage time and tasks
                Able to work as part of a team, sharing responsibilities and knowledge across the team
                Code testing to ensure quality deliverables
              Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
             Job Information
               Location:
                Jersey City, NJ 07310
               Salary:
                0.00 - 125.00 $  /hour
               Job Status:
               Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project
               Career Level:
               Experienced (Non-Manager)
               Posted:
               4/17/2017
               Job Code:
               1300~JPT~1620250T1