   Digital Campaign Analyst - ALC | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          We are currently seeking a
            Digital Campaign Analyst
          to join our team of professionals. This role may be based out of our
            Princeton, NJ or Tarrytown, NY
          locations.
            This individual is responsible
          for providing business intelligence through reporting and analysis in support of ALC digital programs. This analyst position will help shape business strategy through reporting and ad hoc analysis across all aspects of the business with a focus on optimization of digital marketing customer acquisition programs. The Digital Campaign Analyst also consults closely with their assigned clients to execute their digital advertising strategy and align it with their business goals, providing analysis and proactive recommendations on the strategic direction of their client's multi-channel advertising products.
            This position requires you to
          have an outstanding ability to articulate your knowledge in a clear, professional manner via verbal and written communication to the customer and internal teams. The role reports to the EVP of Campaign Execution. This position will be part of the ALC Digital Data Analytics Team receiving direction from the Chief Data Scientist and will also work closely the Campaign Management team to understand and deliver on campaign goals.
            Our "ideal candidate"
          is an individual with 3+ years' experience in direct marketing data analysis and/or digital marketing. They have a strong quantitative background. He or she excels at identifying and interpreting campaign insights, analysis, trends across all marketing channels. They have an entrepreneurial spirit and thrive at achieving ambitious goals.
            We want to be your Employer of Choice!
            ALC
          offers excellent benefits including medical, dental, vision, life, LTD, 401k w/&#160;company match, paid time off, business casual dress, summer hours, customized training &amp; more!&#160; If you are one of the &#8220;best and brightest&#8221; in your field and you&#8217;re looking to position yourself for the future, this is a great opportunity.
          For immediate consideration, please create a profile and make sure you provide&#160;your resume,&#160;salary requirements, and current contact information.&#160; We look forward to learning more about&#160;you and the value you can bring to
            ALC
          !
            EOE/M/F/D/V
            In addition, our "ideal candidate" has the following skills &amp; experience:
           Bachelors degree with strong coursework in math, statistics, computer science or similar with prior work experience preferred;
           3+ years&#8217; experience in direct marketing data analysis and/or digital marketing experience;
           Working knowledge of HTML, Javascript, and SQL;
           Exposure to Python or R a plus;
           Proficient in digital marketing or web analytics preferred (Omniture, CoreMetrics, Google Analytics, WebTrends, etc.);
           Experience with Tag Management Solutions such as GTM or Adobe Tag Manager;
           Understanding of the role that data and analytics plays in a data driven marketing environment;
           Proficiency with Microsoft Excel as a reporting tool, including experience creating VBA macros, creating pivot tables, linking to external data, using the web query and data query tools;
           Strong working knowledge of Word and PowerPoint;
           Strong analytical thinking and problem solving skills;
           Extremely detail oriented, yet able to handle multiple projects and tasks;
           Strong oral and verbal communication skills.
            Desired Skills:
           Experience with Ad Networks, Ad Exchanges, and DSP&#8217;s;
           Regression analysis and/or attribution modeling is a plus but not required;
           Ability to think strategically regarding web data collection, website tagging, and content optimization;
           Experience creating functional dashboards and reports;
           Advanced experience in HTML and Javascript;
           Ability to develop and maintain large data sets, used in reporting and benchmarking.
            Responsibilities for this role include, but are not limited to:
           Implement solutions &amp; provide recommendations that drive favorable results on client campaigns &amp; objectives;
           Provide support for digital teams with custom performance reporting and analyses;
           Support the design of customizable client dashboards that may span across all digital channels;
           Support internal data management teams to build reporting data marts;
           Support clients and account management on testing strategies and measurement methodologies for ongoing campaigns;
           Prepare client presentations and participate with Account Manager on client calls;
           Work with internal and client teams to help improve reporting and analytic capabilities;
            Perform other duties as assigned.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Sandvik Coromant, Fair Lawn - NJ
             Sanofi US, Bridgewater - NJ
             CyberCoders, Ewing - NJ
             The Job Window, Cherry Hill - NJ
             Army National Guard, LAWRENCEVILLE - NJ
             Hayward Industries, Inc., Elizabeth - NJ
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Digital Campaign Analyst
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}