   Data Scientist - Johns Hopkins University | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          Data Scientist-14110
            Position Description
            Introduction:
           Are you passionate about providing real impact to the country&#8217;s toughest national security problems?
           Are you searching for engaging work with an employer that prioritizes continual innovation?
           Our team is looking to provide our nation with ground-breaking capabilities that bridge the gap between sensor perception and human reasoning.
           To succeed, we need talented engineers, scientists, and developers! We are looking for individuals with curiosity and a drive for learning!
           The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL), a national leader in scientific research and development, is located midway between Baltimore and Washington, DC.
            Job Summary:
           The Tactical Intelligence Systems Group of the Asymmetric Operations Sector is looking for a Data Scientist to develop inventive, cutting-edge prototype solutions for challenges in computer vision, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. This may involve:
           &gt;Surveying current academic research to engineer practical solutions to data analytics challenges
           &gt;Developing software frameworks to manage and analyze streaming data from many sensors
           &gt;Collaborating with Laboratory, for-profit contractor, and sponsor teams to address critical sponsor needs
           &gt;Effectively communicating results with non-expert audiences, and generating innovative ideas to benefit the country
            Duties (Listed in order of importance with the estimated amount of time spent at each task):
           1.&#160; Apply knowledge in quantitative analysis, machine learning, statistical modeling, and software development to data analysis problems for our sponsors. (30%)
           2.&#160; Work independently and on teams to engineer software solutions.(50%)
           3.&#160; Explore promising research and maintain/gain the technical edge required for projects. Share and develop new approaches and methods. (20%)
           4.&#160; Collaborate to document and support software analytics, and clearly present status and results to internal and external stakeholders. (10%)
             Note: This job summary and listing of duties is for the purpose of describing the position and its essential functions at time of hire and may change over time.
            Qualifications
          :
           Required Qualifications:
           B.S. degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related technical field.&#160; Programming experience.&#160; Basic knowledge of statistics and probability.&#160; US citizenship, and ability to obtain a Department of Defense security clearance.
            Desired Qualifications:
           M.S./Ph.D. degree in Computer Science or a related field and 2+ years of relevant experience.&#160; Understanding of common machine learning algorithms and methods used to parse and analyze data. Expertise with programming languages such as C#, C++, and Python. Experience with team-based development of software products and demonstrated ability to lead development/research projects.&#160; Experience with machine learning libraries such as Caffe, Tensorflow and scikit-learn. Familiarity with modern databases and parallel computation also desired.&#160; Active or current Department of Defense security clearance.
           Special Working Conditions:
           Some limited travel (up to 10%) to customer sites may be required. Occasional weekend and other after-hours work required to handle and/or complete critical project/work-related business needs.
           Security:
          Applicant selected will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship.
           Benefits:
          APL offers a comprehensive benefits package including a liberal vacation plan, a matching retirement program, significant educational assistance, a scholarship tuition program for staff with dependents, and competitive salaries commensurate with skills and experience. For more information about our organization, please visit our web site at www.jhuapl.edu.
           Equal Employment Opportunity:
          Johns Hopkins University/Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that complies with Title IX of the Education Amendments Acts of 1972, as well as other applicable laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
           Primary Location
          *United States-*Maryland-*Laurel
           Schedule
          Full-time
          -
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             TRS Staffing, Tucson - AZ
             Xsell Resources, Woonsocket - RI
             Xsell Resources, Woonsocket - RI
             Full Circle Solutions, Inc., Berlin - MD
             Booz Allen Hamilton, McLean - VA
             Booz Allen Hamilton, Washington - DC
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}