   Data Scientist- Analytics - Washington, DC - Atrilogy | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
         Advanced Analytics &#8211; Washignton, DC
        The group has been challenged to fundamentally change the way we use data and subject matter expertise to answer key industry questions. To realize this vision, we are expanding our industry leading group with experts possessing the skills to turn data into commercial products and solutions. The group is looking for smart, driven, and creative individuals to help in the development of products, and lead our efforts by managing global teams of data scientists, and consultants in the development and delivery of novel analytic solutions for clients around the world.
         Help us drive analysis:
          Apply your machine learning and advanced analytics skills (agent based modeling, random forest, support vector machines, neural networks, survival analysis, Bayesian statistics, etc.) to our client&#8217;s unique, industry leading data to surface new insights and develop new products.
          Be part of a unique team working across business lines with cutting edge analytics and technology to provide actionable results, support new and existing products and platforms, and to influence business decisions
          Grow your knowledge of the latest data and analytical methodologies and technologies &#8211; Redshift, EC2, machine learning and more
          Cooperatively work across the analytics team to share knowledge and educate one another
        In order to make that happen, we&#8217;re looking for you to have these skills:
          Minimum education requirement of four-year degree in statistics, computer science, mathematics, economics, or a similarly quantitative discipline. Additional education is preferred.
          Five (5) or more years of relevant advanced analytics experience &#8211; strong proficiency in advanced statistical, predictive and machine learning techniques (agent based modeling, random forest, support vector machines, neural networks, survival analysis, Bayesian statistics, etc).
          Demonstrated creative problem solving &amp; critical reasoning abilities.
          Ability to understand business context and translate to develop appropriate analytics solutions
          Established ability to communicate effectively and proactively.
          Strong proficiency in R required.
          Experience writing code and using data science tools such as SQL, Python, Tableau, ArcGIS, and/or Hadoop highly desirable.
         Primary Location:
        Washington, DC
        For immediate consideration please submit your resume in Word format, along with daytime contact information.
         LOCAL CANDIDATES ONLY PLEASE
        unless you are willing to relocate yourself at your own expense.
         Client is unable to provide H-1B Visa sponsorship at this time.
        All submittals will be treated confidentially.&#160; Selected candidate may be asked to pass a comprehensive background, credit and/or drug screening.&#160; Principals only, no third parties please.
        Established in 2000, Atrilogy Solutions Group, Inc. provides organizations of all sizes with high-quality, cost effective information technology (IT), business process and health care consulting and staffing services.&#160; Our industry-leading service model combines experienced project managers with seasoned technical and functional consultants to eliminate client uncertainty and deliver superior value and results.
        Clients turn to Atrilogy for expertise in:
          IT staffing and placement (Project Managers, Business Analysts, DBA&#8217;s, Developers, Quality Assurance and Testing, Software Configuration Management, etc.)
          All major Enterprise Resource Planning packages (including Oracle, PeopleSoft, JD Edwards, SAP, Microsoft, &#160;Lawson)
          Health care consulting resources and services (including ICD-10)
          Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
          Creative (Interactive Project Manager/Art Director, Information Architect, UI/UX Designer, Web/Graphic Design)
        Atrilogy has been recognized by
         CRN
        magazine as one of the nation&#8217;s fastest-growing IT solution providers and by
         Inc.
        magazine as one of the nation&#8217;s fastest-growing, privately-held companies. Based in Irvine, California, Atrilogy also has offices in Denver, Phoenix, and Atlanta.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Booz Allen Hamilton, Washington - DC
             Hoplite Solutions LLC, Reston - VA
             CyberCoders, Washington - DC
             Providence, Washington - DC
             Quintiles, Washington - DC
             Randstad Professionals, Washington DC - DC
             Sanofi US, Silver Spring - MD
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Scientist- Analytics - Washington, DC
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}