   Harvey Nash USA Job Application for Product Designer | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
             Product Designer
            FTE, Seattle
            We are looking for a stellar product designer to join our team. If you are a pixel-perfect designer who wants to build a data-centric product that will change the way businesses run, look no further. You will own all entire product design, including but not limited to brand and UI.
             Important note
            Data literacy is a critical skill for this position. We will give strong weight to candidates who have demonstrated experience building UX for visualizing, cleaning and connecting data.
            About the Company
            We provide an intelligent customer data and analytics platform that delivers accurate and actionable insights to businesses, allowing them to drive smart customer engagement and response at scale. With our software, Sales, Marketing, Product and Customer Success teams have a powerful new suite of tools to monitor key user metrics, understand key drivers, and take action to improve customer conversion, adoption, upsell and retention.
            The platform is self-contained, can be deployed in days not months, and integrates seamlessly with existing BI and workflow tools.
            Very few products can bring Big Data and Machine Learning at the scale with the results we offer. We serve both B2B and B2C customers, with strong success in both spaces. Our go-to-market solution is backed by a world-class ETL pipeline and data platform that makes onboarding, insight-generation and integration with corporate business processes many times faster than competitors or do-it-yourself alternatives.
             Technical Experience
             Demonstrated experience simplifying complex concepts into beautiful experiences. You have designed software that took a complex, real-world process and distilled into into software that's a pleasure to use.
             Background in user testing and validation is a strong plus. You believe the best software is validated with customers and you will work with users from Day 1 to find out.
             Numeracy and technical literacy. You are not a data scientist, but you are very comfortable with data concepts. You are the kind of person who wants to learn about databases, data platforms and programming languages. You will live and breathe this space.
             Expertise in modern design tooling such as Sketch.
             Team Experience
             Strong partnership with front-end development team. You speak the developers' language - CSS and HTML.
             Ability to work with product management on rapid iterations of designs. You enjoy building paper prototypes, user testing them and throwing them out if they don't meet customer expectations.
             Benefits and Perks
             Competitive base salaries
             Stock options
             Healthcare premium paid 100% for employee
             MacBook or Surface
              Job summary
              Contact information
               Contact name
               Harvey Nash USA
               Follow this company
               About this company
              Harvey Nash, Inc
                For more than two decades, Harvey Nash has been providing businesses around the globe with the high-caliber IT recruiting, IT outsourcing/offshoring and executive search solutions that connect them with the talented IT professionals they need to perform, grow and compete.
                Our Enterprise Technology Delivery model sets us apart in addressing the needs of enterprise customers with high-volume requirements, enabled with VMS technology and guided by MSPs.
                With comprehensive round-the-clock IT recruiting support, Enterprise Technology Delivery leverages centralized Harvey Nash onshore and offshore sourcing and recruiting resources who hold computer science degrees. This approach ensures the right balance of quick response times with quality talent, while delivering in a way that is truly unique to the industry.
                Also setting us apart is our commitment to professional development and diversity in technology.
                Jobs from Harvey Nash USA
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.