   Tech Mahindra Limited Job Application for Data Scientist 1 | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
              JOB REQUIREMENTS:
             &#8226; Bachelors in Computer Science, Statistics, or related field with a strong analytical emphasis required.
             Minimum of 2-3 years of related work experience required.
             &#8226; 1-2+ years working in web analytics, big data, data science or algo trading preferably with organic or paid search technologies, web analytics tools or development, ecommerce, publishing networks, and/or automated algo trading.
             &#8226; Additionally, the candidate must demonstrate high energy/creativity, a passion for analysing complex data sets, strong communication and project management skills, strong debugging skills, an entrepreneurial spirit, a practical understanding of quantitative methods, and superb attention to detail.
             &#8226; C#, ASP, .NET languages, JavaScript, PHP, ASP, Perl, HTML, Flash, and understanding of data structures are a plus. Design and development skills/experience with SQL. 2+ year&#8217;s relevant experience with web server, big data technologies.
             &#8226; Extensive knowledge and experience in at least two of the following areas: data mining, web mining, machine learning, statistics, business intelligence/customer intelligence, user modelling, information retrieval, databases, data warehousing, data processing (ETL), e-metrics/measurement.
             &#8226; They should also be flexible enough to jump in and act as a team-member, taking immediate ownership of unanticipated fraud/traffic quality issues, and responding to adhoc investigation requests. To that end, the candidate must be comfortable effectively mining data and communicating effectively their results to a broad technical and non-technical audience.
             Certs will be plus: Certificate of data Science. Anything related to online advertising data.
              The Data Scientist works on a team using statistical, mathematical, and predictive data models to bring insights and answers to complex business questions. They will apply their advance analytics and solution engineering skills to data to build solutions. They will work on data sets from various sources and focus on solving applied problems using Natural Language Processing, Text Mining, Data Mining &amp; Machine Learning. A blend of experience in science and engineering skills, and a proven track record of solving critical business problems through data science and strong analytical/quantitative and engineering skills is desired.
              Job summary
               About this company
                Company name
                Tech Mahindra Limited
                Jobs from Tech Mahindra Limited
               Find more jobs
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.