   Program Manager Data Science - Corporate Main Campus | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
         Description
         The role of the
          Data Science Program Manager
         is to lead the day-to-day success of data science deliverables and initiatives that support the effective instantiation and execution of long-term Enterprise Data Science programs. These initiatives range from effective facilitation of committee structures, to the planning, execution and finalizing of strategic communication efforts at the leadership level. The Program Manager is responsible for maintaining the Enterprise Data Science Portfolio, managing the Data Science Gate process, and managing meetings.
         Under the leadership Chief Data Scientists and the Director of the Enterprise Data Science this role will allow the individual to develop his/her leadership abilities through ownership, leadership, and observation in institutional planning, policy development, priority setting and management decisions aligning with the strategic agenda.
          Supports, Defines &amp; Facilitates Data Science Department Processes, Events, Logistics, and Action Items.
         Develops content and manages standing ad-hoc Data Science meetings and events such as the Data Science All Team Meeting.
         Helps manage the Enterprise Data Science budget. Further, helps operational leadership assess the impact of Data Science strategies on operations and company budgets.
         Manages across teams to ensure that projects and commitments are properly tracked and on schedule to meet organizational goals.
         Informs the Data Science leadership team on potential and unanticipated problems and identifies opportunities for consideration.
         Develops and oversees a process for capturing, cataloging, analyzing and disseminating key lessons to be learned from initiatives, with a view towards helping the leadership team propagate best practices throughout the enterprise.
          Supports and facilitates Data Science Strategy Development, Communication &amp; Delivery.
         Supports the processes by which we develop a Data Science strategy in partnership with operations, Clinical Service Group, IT&amp;S and other key stakeholders.
         Facilitates, organizes and drives the processes and platform to gather feedback, organize feedback and develop the process to improve leadership and staff experience.
         Tracks and statuses strategic initiatives and efforts by monitoring progress towards meeting goals and achieving benchmarks, analyzing data, ensuring follow-through on the part of key players, and sustaining momentum needed to drive these initiatives.
         Manages and reviews project deliverables and action items decided upon at each strategic meeting. He/she prepares a written summary, checks with each attendee to get sign-off on agreed-upon dates of completion and confirms the party responsible for following up on each action item.
         Stays connected with members of the team, collecting data, and alerting leadership to progress or problems in carrying out the agreed-upon initiatives.
          Supports and facilitates Data Science Communications.
         Creates and delivers reports, projects, and deliverables including presentations, videos, and other materials.
         Facilitates leadership team communication between meetings, including agendas, SharePoint site updates, and communication drafts to key team members.
         Insures the application of Customer Service principles in meeting and exceeding the expectations of internal and external customers to provide satisfaction.
         Manages the development and delivery of value driven business cases to support the Director of Enterprise Data Science and the Chief Data Scientist.
         o Information gathering and analysis &#8211; This position needs to be able to create and to utilize systems (both formal and informal) for gathering reliable information on what is happening throughout the organization with regard to data science initiatives being tracked.
         o Multi-focal intelligence &#8211; This position will be juggling many initiatives. She/he must have a quick but thorough grasp of the salient issues and details of each initiative to be able to make evaluations and recommendations to the Data Science Leadership Team.
         o Poise and grace under pressure &#8211;this position will often be balancing numerous critical efforts.
         o Finely honed communication skills &#8211; Will need to be able to communicate in writing and verbally with great precision and effectiveness
         o Strong interpersonal and facilitation skills.
         o Experience in business needs assessments, prioritization techniques, and business case development.
         &#8226; Soft Skills:
         o Resilience
         o The ability to give and receive constructive criticism
         o Diplomacy skills
         o Advanced reasoning, math, and language skills
         o Judgment &amp; Decision Making &#8211; This position must often make decisions about:
         &#61607; When to intervene and when to let things run their course;
         &#61607; What information is reliable and what needs to be questioned and challenged;
         &#61607; How to respond to unanticipated developments;
         &#61607; How to help the Director and Chief Data Scientist see clearly through the broad Data Science Roadmap
          Education and Experience:
         Bachelor&#8217;s Degree Required
         Master&#8217;s Degree Preferred
         3 plus years related experience.
         SharePoint experience preferred.
         This job requires some travel.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Plumlee &amp; Associates LLC, Nashville - TN
             1100 Charlotte - Capitol View, Nashville - TN
             Corporate Main Campus, Nashville - TN
             1100 Charlotte - Capitol View, Nashville - TN
             Alltech, Nashville - TN
             Randstad Professionals, Nashville - TN
             Frink-Hamlett Legal Solutions, Nashville - TN
             UnitedHealth Group, Nashville - TN
             1100 Charlotte - Capitol View, Nashville - TN
             1100 Charlotte - Capitol View, Nashville - TN
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Program Manager Data Science
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}