   Business Analytics Manager Job in Knoxville 37932, Tennessee US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Business Analytics Manager
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Business Analytics Manager
        Thank you for your interest in the Business Analytics Manager.
       To begin the application process, please enter your information below.
       We will save a record of this application.
       By applying to a job using Monster.com you are agreeing to comply with and be subject to the Monster
       and
       for use of our website.
            Business Analytics Manager
               Looking for a place where you can bring your dog to work every day?
               Where we provide solutions for pet owners and their pets? Then Radio Systems Corporation is the place for you! Radio Systems Corporation is seeking a Business Analytics Manager to create business value through data insights and analytics for the company and to&#160;manage the Analytics team, while serving as the company&#8217;s primary data scientist and conducting data analysis and visualization. In addition, the successful candidate will collaborate with business stakeholders to define new metrics and identify opportunities and insights to improve the performance of the business.
               The Business Analytics Manager will transform the company into a business that truly differentiates and competes on insights and analytics.
                Responsibilities:
                Identify analytics needs of internal teams through a comprehensive understanding of their business and collaboration with its stakeholders.
                Partner with internal customers to develop analyses that lead to actionable insights that improve business decision making, performance, and customer experience.
                Manage analytics roadmap, priorities, and related projects.
                Define and work with stakeholders to improve data integrity and usefulness throughout the company, including identification of opportunities to improve operations and processes that impact data.
                Evaluate, develop and deploy data visualization toolsets.
                Foster cross functional and regional sharing of analytical frameworks, approaches, and insights.
                Drive maturity throughout the program through defined and documented processes and increased automation and self-service.
                Plan and ensure delivery of ongoing end user training and education for greater awareness of analytics tools and data, deeper analytical skills, and greater self service capabilities.
                Manage, mentor, and develop members of the Analytics team.
                Qualifications:
                &#183;
               Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in business analytics, statistics, business intelligence, or related field or experience
                &#183;
               Core competencies in statistics, visualization, and data mining and modeling.
                &#183;
               Minimum 8 years of experience within analytics/business intelligence
                &#183;
               A minimum of 5 years of progressively responsible experience in a directly related area, during which both technical and management capabilities have been clearly demonstrated, preferably in the consumer packaged goods/retail industry
                &#183;
               Experience and understanding of a wide variety of analytical processes, tools, and approaches
                &#183;
               Experience with business driven&#160; and self-service business intelligence
                &#183;
               Outstanding analytical and quantitative skills
                &#183;
               Ability to understand a problem, structure the analysis needed to solve it and come up with innovative and insightful solutions and recommendations
                &#183;
               Good project management skills and process oriented mindse
                t
                 &#183;
               Collaborative team player with good interpersonal skills
            About Radio Systems Corporation
              Radio Systems&#174; Corporation
             is the leading manufacturer of pet products. Our family of brands includes PetSafe&#174; (www.petsafe.net), Invisible Fence&#174; Brand (www.invisiblefence.com) and SportDOG&#8482; (www.sportdog.com). We are a company driven by innovation and dedication to our consumers and communities. Since our founding in 1991, Radio Systems has grown into an international corporation selling in over 52 countries, and is expanding its reach every day. Our portfolio includes a wide array of electronic training and containment systems, waste management products, nutritional supplements, innovative treats and much more. We are headquartered in Knoxville, TN but have remote offices in various places across the globe.
             The mission of Radio Systems Corporation is to" build the most trusted brands." This means encouraging creativity to produce quality products to our consumers. We strive to constantly improve our existing offerings as well as create new products to meet consumers&#8217; and pets&#8217; needs.
            Job Summary
              Company
               Radio Systems Corporation
              Location
              Knoxville, TN 37932
              Job Type
              Full Time,  Employee
              Job Category:
              IT/Software Development
              Occupations:
              Database Development/Administration
              Years of Experience
              7+ to 10 Years
              Career Level
              Manager (Manager/Supervisor of Staff)
              Industries
              Retail
              Education Level
              Bachelor's Degree