   Data Analytics Manager - Verizon Wireless | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          Responsibilities
            Join our Wireless IT Digital Sales Team, where you will work with application leads and digital operations teams to lead various insights projects to deliver actionable intelligence that will improve customer experience and resolve customer pain points. You will create, drive and deliver innovative methodologies for text mining, customer journey and cross channel analytics using social media and voice of the customer feedback. This role requires extensive experience in areas of digital sales, website metrics, unstructured text mining, machine learning algorithms, and deep learning using various big data technologies. You will be leading a team of onshore and offshore analysts and data scientists to deliver meaningful insights.
             Lead and deliver voice of the customer insights and solutions to drive digital sales and improve customer experience.
             Provide strong leadership to a team of data analysts and subject matter experts onshore and offshore.
             Ensure and prioritize insights delivery in a very fast paced environment.
             Collaborate with application development leads, senior leaders in IT and business to manage voice of the customer operations from insights to actions.
             Drive innovative approaches to creating actionable intelligence using a combination of open source tools and best in class technologies in data mining.
             Manage and inspire team at various levels of experience; must be able to lead by example.
             Understands (and must have hands-on experience) how to analyze, structure and interpret large volume of raw data into effective visual stories for business owners.
             Can multi-task and quickly adapt to changing/conflicting priorities.
          Qualifications
            Must have:
           Bachelor&#8217;s
             degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or Statistics or six or more years of work experience.
             Six or more years of relevant work experience.
             Experience with managing text mining platforms (e.g. Clarabridge) and supporting end users.
             Experience working in Big Data environments (Solr search, Hortonworks Hadoop, Storm/Kafka, Spark and Hive).
             Experience with business intelligence and programming languages (Tableau, SAS, SPSS, R, and Python).
             Experience with devops, cloud and agile methodologies and tools.
            Ideally:
             MBA or Master&#8217;s degree in quantitative discipline.
             Demonstrates proficiency in program management to lead insights and implementation projects.
             Strong Adobe marketing cloud experience (Site Catalyst, Discover, ReportBuilder, Test &amp; Target etc.).
             Experience with social media tools, such as Sprinklr and Crimson Hexagon.
             Experience with Data Warehousing, Teradata SQL, Aster.
             Experience with retail ecommerce technologies and digital marketing.
             Knowledge of data management platforms (DMP), customer segmentation, cross channel analytics.
             Critical thinker who can problem solve.
             Proven ability to work independently and is a motivated self-starter.
             Detail-oriented and organized
             Not to boast, but a little bit about us
            Verizon powers America&#8217;s fastest and most reliable network. We&#8217;re also leading the way in cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and video entertainment. Technology moves fast and so do we. We believe that bringing great ideas and customer experiences to life should be recognized and rewarded.&#160; Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.
          Equal Employment Opportunity
         We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer&#160;- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status.&#160; Different makes us better.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Advantage Solutions, Dallas - TX
             Medical City, Dallas - TX
             North American Recruiting and Consulting, Dallas - TX
             Natural Polymer International Corporation, Plano - TX
             CHRISTUS Health, Irving - TX
             Collabera, Dallas - TX
             Active Network, Dallas - TX
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Data Analytics Manager
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}