   Senior Data Scientist - GE Oil &amp; Gas | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
            2846386
            GE Oil &amp; Gas
            Oil &amp; Gas Headquarters
             GE is the world&#8217;s Digital Industrial Company, transforming industry with software-defined machines and solutions that are connected, responsive and predictive. Through our people, leadership development, services, technology and scale, GE delivers better outcomes for global customers by speaking the language of industry.
             fuels the future. We push the boundaries of technology to bring energy to the world. We are inventing the next industrial era in the oil and gas sector. In our labs and factories, and in the field, we constantly push the boundaries of technology to solve today&#8217;s toughest operational &amp; commercial challenges. We have the skills, knowledge and technical expertise to bring together the physical and digital worlds to fuel the future. GE Oil &amp; Gas is a &#8220;fullstream&#8221; company, working from exploration and production to downstream. A $19 billion leader designed for a world of complex resources. The deeper, the hotter, the more remote, the more logistically difficult or environmentally sensitive the challenge &#8211; the more GE Oil &amp; Gas can help.
             Through project management expertise and technology innovation, we work to help lower costs, make things faster, simpler and more productive for our customers.
             In today&#8217;s era of complex resources, the deeper, the hotter, the more remote, the more logistically difficult or environmentally sensitive the challenge &#8211; the more we can help. The GE scale helps us bring new solutions to market quicker to help our customers adapt to the industry&#8217;s changing environment.
             We go where you go and operate side-by-side in 120 countries. The closer we are to our customers, the quicker we can anticipate and solve their challenges.
             We&#8217;re at work today, to ensure the next generation is equipped and empowered to go further and deeper, helping to
             fuel the future.
             Follow GE Oil &amp; Gas on Twitter
             .
             GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation.  GE is an
             .  Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
            Senior Data Scientist
            Experienced
            Digital Technology
            Data and Analytics
            United States
            Texas
            Houston
            77041-8200
            Yes
            The person will be part of the core Data Sciences team at GE Oil &amp; Gas Engineering and develops analytics to meet objectives of the business. In this role, you will lead the development and deployment of modern machine learning, and statistical methods for finding process insights to problems in Oil &amp; Gas
            As a Sr. Data Scientist, you will be part of a cross-disciplinary modeling &amp; data science team on commercially-facing development projects, typically involving large, complex data sets. These teams typically include domain experts, statisticians, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, and end users, working in concert with partners in GE Oil &amp; Gas business units. Potential application areas include remote monitoring and diagnostics across Oil &amp; Gas infrastructure and industrial sectors, and operations optimization.
             In the role of Senior Data Scientist you will:
             Data exploration and model building targeting given CTQs (field issue investigations, developing tracking filters, inspections, root cause analysis, etc.)
             Understand correlation between various process parameters and provide insights into data
             Execute design, analysis and development of assigned projects adhering to business standards, practices, procedures and product / program requirements
             Work alongside software developers and software engineers to translate algorithms into commercially viable products and services
             Work in technical teams in development, deployment, and application of applied analytics, predictive analytics, and prescriptive analytics
             Leverage existing Oil &amp; Gas teams, and collaborate with GE Software and Global Research
             Communicate results, findings and observations in clear and concise documents (presentations, reports, technical articles) to peers and program leader in formal / informal reviews
             Document technical data generated by the assigned project consistent with engineering policies and procedures
             Effective multitasking and delivery on time with quality
             Participate on teams assigned to address organizational initiatives
             Guide young engineers
             Master's Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mechanical or Chemical or Electrical Engineering from an accredited college or university
             Minimum 6 years of experience in analytics development for industrial applications in a commercial / industrial setting
            GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen.
             Ph.D. in a STEM&#8217; field (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) from an accredited college or university with a minimum 3 year of experience in analytics development for industrial
             Hands-on experience with projects involving Exploratory Data analysis, Model building, Model assessment, Pattern Recognition, machine learning
             Hands-on experience in information retrieval, architecture involving handling large volumes of data
             Demonstrated skill in the use of one or more analytic software tools or languages (e.g., SAS, SPSS, R, Python)
             Oil &amp; Gas domain knowledge and experience in either upstream, midstream or downstream segments
             Experience with end-to-end modeling projects, from research to solutions to analytic products
             Strong hands-on skills in sourcing, cleaning, manipulating and analyzing large volumes of data
             Strong oral and written communication skills
             Strong interpersonal and leadership skills and ability to influence others and lead small teams
             #DTR
               Houston continues to grow attracting residents from many diverse backgrounds &amp; is currently listed as the 4th largest city in the US.&#160; While the city sits on the gulf coast plain, the area also offers grasslands, forests, &amp; 337 parks. There are more than 55 colleges &amp; universities &amp; many institutions engaged in research &amp; development including the Texas Medical Center &amp; NASA&#8217;s Johnson Space Center. Houston&#8217;s economy is based in energy, manufacturing, aeronautics, &amp; technology; only NYC is home to more Fortune 500 headquarters.&#160; The city is home to the Houston Astros as well as many cultural institutions &amp; exhibits and an active Theater District.
               GE works on things that matter.
              The best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges. Finding solutions in energy, health and home, transportation and finance. Building, powering, moving and curing the world. Not just imagining. Doing. GE works.&#160; Looking for a challenge where your experience is valued?
               Come see what you can achieve as a leader with GE Oil &amp; Gas!
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Pro Sports, Houston - TX
             Brooksource, Richardson - TX
             Diedre Moire Corp., Irving - TX
             Spout Analytics, Plano - TX
             Sports and Fitness, San Antonio - TX
             Pearson, San Antonio - TX
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Senior Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}