   Oil &amp; Gas Data Scientist - GE Oil &amp; Gas | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
            2780139
            GE Oil &amp; Gas
            Oil &amp; Gas Turbomachinery Solutions
             GE is the world&#8217;s Digital Industrial Company, transforming industry with software-defined machines and solutions that are connected, responsive and predictive. Through our people, leadership development, services, technology and scale, GE delivers better outcomes for global customers by speaking the language of industry.
             fuels the future. We push the boundaries of technology to bring energy to the world. We are inventing the next industrial era in the oil and gas sector. In our labs and factories, and in the field, we constantly push the boundaries of technology to solve today&#8217;s toughest operational &amp; commercial challenges. We have the skills, knowledge and technical expertise to bring together the physical and digital worlds to fuel the future. GE Oil &amp; Gas is a &#8220;fullstream&#8221; company, working from exploration and production to downstream. A $19 billion leader designed for a world of complex resources. The deeper, the hotter, the more remote, the more logistically difficult or environmentally sensitive the challenge &#8211; the more GE Oil &amp; Gas can help.
             Through project management expertise and technology innovation, we work to help lower costs, make things faster, simpler and more productive for our customers.
             In today&#8217;s era of complex resources, the deeper, the hotter, the more remote, the more logistically difficult or environmentally sensitive the challenge &#8211; the more we can help. The GE scale helps us bring new solutions to market quicker to help our customers adapt to the industry&#8217;s changing environment.
             We go where you go and operate side-by-side in 120 countries. The closer we are to our customers, the quicker we can anticipate and solve their challenges.
             We&#8217;re at work today, to ensure the next generation is equipped and empowered to go further and deeper, helping to
             fuel the future.
             Follow GE Oil &amp; Gas on Twitter
             .
             GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation.  GE is an
             .  Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
            Oil &amp; Gas Data Scientist
            Experienced
            Engineering/Technology
            Design Engineering
            United States
            Texas
            Houston
            77041-8200
            No
             At GE, we are always searching for great talent. While we might not have a specific job for you today, we want to know about you when we do. As actual openings become available, you may be contacted to discuss a potential opportunity.
            In this role, the candidate will establish and manage a robust, systematic, interdisciplinary
            approach that transforms customer needs into simplified and holistic data-analytic system
            solutions using all levels of analysis tools.  They will also lead the development and evaluation of complete systems level simulations using advanced data analytics techniques and analysis tools. This will apply to components and sub-systems, and their optimization
             In the role of Data Scientist - O&amp;G, you will:
             Develop analytics to address data science needs and opportunities
             Work alongside software developers and software engineers to translate algorithms into
             commercially viable products and services
             Work in technical teams in development, deployment, and application of applied analytics,
             predictive analytics, and prescriptive analytics
             Perform exploratory and targeted data analyses using descriptive statistics and other methods
             Work with data engineers on data quality assessment, data cleansing and data analytics
             Generate reports, annotated code, and other projects artifacts to document, archive, and
             communicate your work and outcomes
             Share and discuss findings with team members
             Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in geosciences (oil and gas) and machine learning from an accredited college or university or other STEM programs
             Minimum 5 years of experience in advanced modeling and data analytics with 2 years of experience in analytics development experience with high-level languages, such as R, Python, Ruby, Scala or similar scripting languages
             Minimum 1 year of hands-on experience in sourcing, cleaning, manipulating and analyzing large volumes of data
               Eligibility Requirements:
             Ability and willingness to travel, as required
            GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen.
             PhD in geosciences (oil and gas) preferred
             Familiarity with Linux / Unix / Shell environments
             Strong problem solving capabilities
             Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization both internally and
             externally
             Strong customer satisfaction mindset
             Ability to work effectively in a cross-functional environment
             Strong oral and written communication skills
             Strong interpersonal and leadership skills
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Pro Sports, Houston - TX
             Brooksource, Richardson - TX
             Diedre Moire Corp., Irving - TX
             Spout Analytics, Plano - TX
             Sports and Fitness, San Antonio - TX
             Pearson, San Antonio - TX
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Oil &amp; Gas Data Scientist
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}