   Support Engineer Job in Irving 75039, Texas US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Support Engineer
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Support Engineer
             About Kforce
              Kforce
             continues to look for experienced technology professionals to join our team of great people! We have been matching job seekers and employers since 1962 and specialize in the areas of functional and business management, systems applications development, enterprise data management and infrastructure for commercial and government organizations. Kforce has established relationships with top employers and offers career advice and training at no cost to our consultants. We are committed to "Great People = Great Results" and offer exciting job opportunities across the United States.
             .
             The Opportunity
             Support Engineer
                RESPONSIBILITIES:
              Kforce has a client seeking a Support Engineer 2 in Irving, CA.
              Our client is a cutting-edge provider of world class software, solutions and services. Employing over 100,000 passionate people worldwide, they empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve their dreams. Their best in class advancements in cloud, mobile, machine learning, and AI are changing the way people go about their lives. Doing business in 170 countries, our client is dedicated to fulfilling their mission of helping you and your organization achieve more around the world.
              Acts as a secondary response for technical support. Provides for complex products, including escalated issues, mainly to end users, along with developers and corporate customers. Provides support via telephone, written correspondence, and electronic media. Works independently with limited supervision. May provide technical training, coaching and mentoring to other engineers. May act as substantial technical resource in certain product areas.
              With the amount of data being created growing exponentially and "Big Data" becoming mainstream in the computing industry, traditional data analysis tools are no longer sufficient to draw insights from Terabytes and Petabytes of data.  We are building a team to help support customers take advantage of the power of R and big data to achieve results.  Whether working on the cloud with Azure Analytics, Machine learning or on premise using R Server, we assist the customers to help them successfully deploy and use the advanced capabilities of R for predictive analytics. Duties and
              Responsibilities:
                This position is a customer facing role
                Product Support
                Answer questions from customers and prospects about the features and capabilities of our products, primarily by telephone and email
                Troubleshoot problems encountered by customers
                Develop customer-facing documentation for our website and other venues
                REQUIREMENTS:
                BS degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or a related field with 2 years of relevant analytics experience
                2-3 years related experience required
                Solid understanding of standard computer science concepts required
                Knowledge of personal computers, relevant operating systems, applications, and/or languages required
                Must have sufficient technical depth to communicate with development and other internal organizations at a peer level
                Associates degree in a technical field preferred, or an equivalent combination of education and experience required. Expertise in R Programming, Linux Administration
              Requirements:
                Must have experience programming using R or S-Plus
                Experience on multiple operating systems helpful, Windows, Ubuntu and RedHat Linux
                R Programming and/or Python - R Programming is preferred (2+ years)
                Experience with Statistical Analysis (2+ years)
                SQL Server Web Technologies - looking for the data center side of it: installation and troubleshooting side (2+ years)
                Years of Experience: 2 years of statistical analysis. Looking for someone who has Data analyst or data scientist in their previous experience. They need to have the R programming experience. Very open to what environment or background they come from. Open to those without MSFT experience. If they have MSFT experience, we need someone who has at least one year of access available
                Hadoop experience - not super specific on which version as this isn't the primary focus skill on this role. Familiarization a plus. Will be adding this experience within
              Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
             Job Information
               Location:
                Irving, TX 75039
               Job Status:
               Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project
               Career Level:
               Experienced (Non-Manager)
               Posted:
               4/19/2017
               Job Code:
               1300~WQG~1617225T1