   Sr Data Science Manager - (Job Number: 17000905) - McKesson | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
         Description
         McKesson is in the business of better health and we touch the lives of patients in virtually every aspect of healthcare. It starts with the chain of events you initiate when you work with McKesson Pharmaceutical - a chain that extends across the country and results in millions of people getting more from their healthcare.
         As the leader in pharmaceutical distribution and supply chain management, McKesson Pharmaceutical delivers vital branded and generic pharmaceuticals, as well as over-the-counter products, to more than 40,000 customers in three primary segments: retail chains, independent retail pharmacies and institutional providers such as hospitals, health systems, integrated delivery networks and long-term care providers.
         We base our distribution excellence on electronic order processing, asset management tools, a commitment to Six Sigma methodology, order accuracy and supply chain safety. We work with our customers on solutions - including supply management technology, world-class marketing programs, managed care and repackaging products and services - that help them meet their business and quality goals. Our entire team works to ensure patients receive their medications efficiently and begin the process of healing.
         As the nation&#8217;s largest pharmaceutical distributor, US Pharmaceutical is committed to driving total pharmacy health for customers and ensuring that customers receive the right drug at the right time, every time. This commitment is underpinned by McKesson&#8217;s focus on providing customers with the industry&#8217;s highest product availability, intelligent ordering capabilities and unmatched service accuracy.
         Join our team of leaders to begin a rewarding career.
         Current Need
         Position Description
        Responsible for analyzing opportunities and implementing solutions to capture value for McKesson and customers. This position will contribute to the shaping and developing the business analytics capability to drive bottom line results. Partner with leaders across the business to leverage vast data resources to identify and capture opportunities that create value for patients, customers, suppliers, and the company.
         Qualifications
         Minimum Requirements
        8+ years of experience and 2+ years of managerial experience
         Critical Skills
         Additional Knowledge amp; Skills
        Demonstrated track record of successful use of data-driven insights to produce actionable recommendations for business partners and/or senior management. Experience with SAP, SPSS, or other data analytics software. Strong financial analysis background and understanding of Pamp;L driver. Experience in working with large, complex data systems to aggregate, organize, and prepare data for use in business analysis
         Education
        BA or BS degree or equivalent experience required.
         Certifications/Licensure
         Physical Requirements
        General Office Demands
         Benefits amp; Company Statement
        McKesson believes superior performance &#8211; individual and team &#8211; that helps us drive innovations and solutions to promote better health should be recognized and rewarded. We provide a competitive compensation program to attract, retain and motivate a high-performance workforce, and it&#8217;s flexible enough to meet the different needs of our diverse employee population.
        We are in the business of better health and we touch the lives of patients in virtually every aspect of healthcare. We partner with payers, hospitals, physician offices, pharmacies, pharmaceutical companies and others across the spectrum of care to build healthier organizations that deliver better care to patients in every setting.
        But we can&#8217;t do it without you. Every single McKesson employee contributes to our mission&#8212;whatever your title, whatever your role, you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps millions of people all over the globe. Talented, compassionate people are the future of our company&#8212;and of healthcare. At McKesson, you&#8217;ll collaborate on the products and solutions that help us carry out our mission to improve lives and advance healthcare. Working here is your opportunity to shape an industry that&#8217;s vital to us all.
        McKesson is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer &#8211; minorities/females/veterans/persons with disabilities.
        Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history.
         Agency Statement
        No agencies please.
         Primary Location:
        United States-Texas-Carrollton
         Job:
        Project Management
         Organization:
        McKesson Pharmaceutical
         Schedule:
        Regular
         Shift:
        Standard
         Job Type:
        Full-time
         Job Posting:
        Feb 17, 2017
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             UnitedHealth Group, Cypress - CA
             UnitedHealth Group, Eden Prairie - MN
             UnitedHealth Group, Eden Prairie - MN
             AT&amp;T, Plano - TX
             Goodman Manufacturing Company, Houston - TX
             LabCorp, Dallas - TX
             Pro Touch Staffing, Fort Wayne - TX
             Methodist Hospital, San Antonio - TX
             Methodist Hospital, San Antonio - TX
             Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, The Woodlands - TX
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Sr Data Science Manager - (Job Number: 17000905)
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}