   Director of Analytics - N/A | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
            Do you want to use Analytics to help companies better understand their customers?
          Companies understand all about their sales by store, region, product, department and season. In today&#8217;s environment, this is not enough. An understanding of their customers is essential. At Wunderman,&#160;we help companies understand their customer&#8217;s shopping patterns &#8211; How often do they shop? What channels do they use? What do they buy together? What are their trip drivers? How valuable is a Direct Mail contact compared to an email? How do they use the web and interact with social media
           ?
          Wunderman puts its expertise to work to answer these important questions for or customers.
           Lead day-to-day analytic client relationship and manage project profitability
           Provide integrated marketing analytic and measurement solutions for clients
           Develop, execute and manage analytic roadmap for cross channel optimization and measurement, including web and social media
           Collaborate with clients to develop clear business and measurement objectives
           Apply quantitative methods such as predictive modeling, segmentation and testing methodologies to analyze and interpret information to drive business results
           Ensure that the quality and timeliness of analytic deliverables meet client expectations
           Develop and present client insights, recommendations at senior audiences
           Provide direction to Analysts and Senior Analysts on all aspects of client deliverables
           Foster working relationships within/across share capability teams working in a highly collaborative environment
           8+ years prior agency or consulting experience in one of the following industries, Travel, Hospitality, Insurance, Healthcare, CPG, Retail.
           BA/BS and MBA or Masters degree in marketing, statistics, mathematics, economics or other quantitative discipline
           Experience managing and coordinating multiple projects across client and internal teams working in a fast environment.
           Knowledge of statistical modeling techniques, segmentation, research, lifetime value, ROI analysis
           Experience with SAS, SQL, web analytic tools, Excel, and Word, PowerPoint
           Must be willing to travel 50%
            What people do well on our team?
             SMART
            &#8211; Well rounded, with emotional intelligence and clear SME areas
             ENGAGED
            &#8211; Small business owner mentality
             CURIOUS
            &#8211; Always learning and questioning what he/she can do more
             FUN
            &#8211; Good attitude under stress and pressure, pleasant to work with
              TEAM PLAYER
            &#8211; Recognizes others, helps when possible, looks to contribute to a broader goal
          Wunderman is Creatively Driven. Data Inspired. A leading global digital agency, Wunderman combines creativity and data into work that inspires people to take action and delivers results for brands. In 2015, industry analysts named Wunderman a leader in marketing database operations as well as a strong performer in customer engagement strategy. Headquartered in New York, the agency brings together 7,000 creatives, data scientists, strategists and technologists in 175 offices in 60 markets. Wunderman is a WPP company (NASDAQ: WPPGY). For more information, please visit
          and follow us @Wunderman.
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             TesInc, Dallas - TX
             KNN Financial Partners Inc Search Firm, Dallas - TX
             Dallas Market Center, Dallas - TX
             Brookdale Senior Living Inc., Dallas - TX
             PointOne Recruiting Solutions, Dallas - TX
             United Site Services, Dallas - TX
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Director of Analytics
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}