   Business Intelligence (BI) Developer Job in Houston 77019, Texas US
    |
        Get new similar jobs by email for
         Business Intelligence (BI) Dev...
       Let The Jobs Come To You
      Enter your email address below to receive jobs like this sent to your email.
       Send Jobs Similar To
        Business Intelligence (BI) Dev...
             About Kforce
              Kforce
             continues to look for experienced technology professionals to join our team of great people! We have been matching job seekers and employers since 1962 and specialize in the areas of functional and business management, systems applications development, enterprise data management and infrastructure for commercial and government organizations. Kforce has established relationships with top employers and offers career advice and training at no cost to our consultants. We are committed to "Great People = Great Results" and offer exciting job opportunities across the United States.
             .
             The Opportunity
             Business Intelligence (BI) Developer
                RESPONSIBILITIES:
              Kforce has a client that is seeking a Business Intelligence (BI) Developer for a 6-month contract to hire or permanent positon in Houston, TX.
              Duties:
                Fraud Detection
                Predictive analytics
                Predictive Sales
                Dashboards
                KPI's
                Artificial Intelligence
                REQUIREMENTS:
                3 - 4 years of experience as a data scientist/analyst
              Technologies:
                SQL
                SSIS
                ETL
                SSRS is a plus
                Microsoft Azure
                Microsoft R
                R Shiny
                Microsoft BI
                Python
                Machine Learning
              Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
             Job Information
               Location:
                Houston, TX 77019
               Job Status:
               Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project
               Career Level:
               Experienced (Non-Manager)
               Posted:
               4/7/2017
               Job Code:
               1300~WQG~1608362T1