   AT&amp;T Job Application for Principal OR Senior-Big Data Software Eng - BIG DATA | Monster.com
         Want more jobs like this?
         Get new similar jobs by email
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
          About the Job
           Overall Purpose: Responsible for the development of high performance, distributed computing. tasks using Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, NoSQL, text mining and other distributed environment technologies.  Familiarity with JVM-based function languages including Scala and Clojure; Hadoop query languages including Pig, Hive, Scalding, Cascalog, PyCascading; along with alternative HDFS-based computing frameworks including Spark and STORM are desirable.
           Key Roles and Responsibilities: Uses Big Data programming languages and technology, writes code, completes programming and documentation, and performs testing and debugging of applications. Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs and modifies software enhancements and/or new products used in distributed, large scale analytics and visualization solutions. Interacts with data scientists and industry experts to understand how data needs to be converted, loaded and presented. Works in a highly agile environment.  Job Contribution: Seasoned technical professional. Contributes through proven technical expertise. Has significant dept/functional impact.
           KNOWLEDGE Subject Matter Expert (SME) within own discipline/specialty area; basic knowledge of other disciplines/specialty areas. Deep technical knowledge. Applies in depth knowledge of discipline/specialty area standards/processes. Integrates industry experience and deep professional/technical knowledge. Technical leader and recognized SME on select AT&amp;T technologies/systems/procedures.
           ANALYSIS/PROBLEM SOLVING Solves unique problems through evaluative judgment/precedent. Independently applies sophisticated analysis in evaluating issues. Develops new concepts/methods/techniques for cross functional initiatives. Recognizes/pursues alternative methods.
           INDEPENDENCE Guided by department goals/objectives. Exercises latitude in determining objectives/approaches to projects. Leads multiple projects of small to medium size and technical breadth.
           CONTRIBUTION TO AT&amp;T TECHNOLOGY Key contributor on complex projects/initiatives. Impacts current and future business opportunities through application of specialized technical/ industry knowledge. Develops methods/techniques based on strategic project objectives.
           COMMUNICATION Mentors and provides technical guidance and explains advanced concepts to others in work area. Coordinates across multiple departments. Promotes active listening and open communication. Provides leadership/guidance to others.
            Senior Level: Education: Bachelors of Science in Computer Science, Math or Scientific Computing preferred. Experience: Typically requires 5-8 years experience. Supervisory: No.
            Principal Level: Education: Education: Masters of Science in Computer Science, Math or Scientific Computing preferred. Experience: Typically requires 8-10 years experience. Supervisory: No.
              Job summary
               Follow this company
               About this company
              AT&amp;T - IT/Engineering
               This is where it all begins. As part of our team, you'll create and develop the technology that changes lives. From healthcare mobile apps to innovative products, you'll make the impossible possible.
               Find more jobs
        Enter your email address and receive more jobs like this
        By continuing you agree to Monster's
        ,
        and
        .
        Email this job
        Note: Email addresses will only be used for mail delivery of this job.