   Senior Data Scientist - Revenue Management - HomeAway Inc | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          About HomeAway:
         Have you ever had the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people in a meaningful way and help them enjoy time away with their friends and families building memories?
         That is what we do here at HomeAway.com. We are the leading vacation rental website in the world with more than 2 million online bookable vacation rentals. Our mission is to make every vacation rental in the world available to every traveler in the world through our online marketplace and we're committed to helping families and friends find the perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together. As for engineering,we solve problems of scale and work on cutting edge and open-source technologies. Our culture is one that strives on solving difficult problems focusing on product engineering based on hypothesis testing to empower people to come up with ideas.
          Job Description:
         The Revenue Management team at HomeAway is growing fast and adding a Data Scientist to the mix. &#160;From modeling demand, building forecasts and price response functions, we are working to help property owners maximize their occupancy and revenue on the platform. &#160;Unlike the hotel or airline space, our owners aren&#8217;t studied statisticians - they could be anyone. &#160;Building a scalable and intuitive self-service revenue management system is no easy task. &#160;Our team will be challenged by data problems,story-telling, education and design. &#160;The opportunity is so promising that the revenue management teams is one of the central investments for the future of HomeAway.
         As a
          Data Scientist on the Revenue Management Team
         , you&#8217;ll play a major role in how we architect, visualize, and interpret critical data that is at the very core of our business. You&#8217;ll partner with our leaders to understand objectives, and then work alongside our Analysts and Engineers to execute and communicate findings back to the business through visualizations and presentations. Simply put &#8211; we want you to be HomeAway&#8217;s leading expert on data and predictive analytics for revenue management.
          Responsibilities:
          Work with the team on demand modeling, forecasting and dynamic pricing
          Devise techniques for model localization, calibration,monitoring and alerts
          Be aware of data streams captured in the company in any format (structured, unstructured, semi-structured, external API etc.) and how to overcome their obstacles
          Assist others in the company in data discovery and data preparation phase
          Work closely with various Product, Business and Engineering teams
          Understand the &#8220;big picture&#8221; our data presents and frame analytic problem statements in response to business and product challenges
          Be an expert in the Exploratory phase and prescriptive analysis - i.e build and assess models, review results, etc.
          Articulate storytelling to business stakeholders - focus on telling the &#8220;business&#8221; story (abstracting data complexities and processes)and influencing the audience
          Qualifications:
          8+ years of experience in Data Science and analytics fields with projects from ideation to production
          Experience working in internet-based/eCommerce/travel industry is preferred
          Experience with programming languages such as R, Python,or Scala
          Experience in processing and analyzing large scale data volumes for semi-structured and unstructured data at near real-time throughput
          Experience working in Hadoop ecosystem, Spark, strong alternative database knowledge and expertise in SQL
          Experience building various machine learning models and implementation in a production system
          Revenue management or pricing domain expertise strongly preferred
          Masters or Ph.D in Decision Systems, Operations Research, Statistics, Math, Computer Science, Market Economics
          Benefits:
          Competitive health and insurance benefits
          Competitive salary
          Annual target bonus or commission
          Paid vacation and sick time
          Vacation rental on a yearly basis (taxable benefit)
          Employee Stock Purchase Program
          Free snacks and beverages
          Frequent company update talks with our leadership team
          Free listing on HomeAway.com
          Electric, adjustable stand-up desk
          Discounted Metro &amp; Rail pass
          Casual dress code
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Brooksource, Richardson - TX
             Diedre Moire Corp., Irving - TX
             Spout Analytics, Plano - TX
             Sports and Fitness, San Antonio - TX
             Pro Sports, Houston - TX
             Pearson, San Antonio - TX
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Senior Data Scientist - Revenue Management
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}