   Big Data Architect - Irving, TX - Humana Inc. | Jobs.com
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
               Big Data Architect - Irving, TX
                Requisition ID
               168479
               Business Overview&#160;At Humana, we&#8217;re also committed to making the resources available to you that will enable you to become happier, healthier, and more productive in all areas of your life. We know your well-being is important to you, and it&#8217;s important to us too. If you share our passion for helping people, we likely have the right place for you at Humana. After applying, we encourage you to join our Talent Network as well, so you can stay informed and up to date on what&#8217;s happening around our organization in the changing world of healthcare.
                 Description
                  Role:
                 Applications Architect- Advanced Analytics
                  Assignment:
                 IT
                  Location:
                 Irving, TX
                 In the fast-paced, ever-growing world of Healthcare, Humana relies on the latest technology and trends for sharing and storing information, communication and security. We need experts in technology to help us develop and maintain our networks, hardware, and software&#8212;to ensure our systems run smoothly and efficiently, keep us on the forefront of innovation in healthcare, and retain our competitive edge. At Humana, we want to help people everywhere, including our associates lead their best lives and achieve lifelong well-being. We look for talented individuals who share this passion for helping others, who have naturally curious and innovative minds, and who want a career where they can use their technical skills to make a positive impact on the lives of our members.
                  Assignment Capsule
                 Be a part of the Technology team -- be a strategic leader in cutting edge Healthcare technology.
                 Humana is seeking a Application Architect-Advanced Analytics who will: develop a comprehensive understanding of Humana&#8217;s organizational structure and business needs, translating those demands into system architecture and design specifications. You will examine existing technology, interface with internal customers and external vendors, and continually develop technical improvements.
                  Partner with Humana&#8217;s internal architecture team to develop an understanding of current implementations of web application standards, map existing applications to data sources, and identify problematic data issues
                  Map requirements of partner architecture, define technical solutions based on those requirements, and create and document a migration path for existing applications as they transition to a reference architecture implementation
                  Translate system requirements into technical architectures and designs
                  Assist in the creation of functional use-cases, participating in JAD sessions with business and IT stakeholders, developing supporting artifacts and constructing abstraction models
                  Create design models for data, analytical, and data visualization components
                 Qualifications
                  Role Essentials
                  Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related field
                  Directly applicable IT experience in SDLC
                  3-5years of experience in technology architecture role
                  Experience with Hadoop, Spark, SAS, R, Python, Scala, Analytical Appliances like IBM Netezza, Oracle.
                  Strong process improvement background
                  Strong communication skills. Position requires significant interaction with statisticians, data scientists, analysts within multiple business areas and leadership teams
                  Role Desirables
                  Master&#8217;s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related field
                  Prior experience in the health solutions and retail industry
                  Experience with Data Mining and Predictive Analytics
                  Experience in evolving/managing technologies/tools in a rapidly changing environment to support business needs and capabilities
                  Data Warehouse or DBA expertise
                  Reporting Relationships
                 You will report to a Technology Manager. This area is under the leadership of the SVP &amp; Chief Operating Officer.
                  Additional Information
                 Humana is an organization with careers that change lives&#8212;including yours. As an innovator in the fast-paced industry of healthcare, we offer our associates careers that challenge, support and inspire them to use their passion for helping others and to lead their best lives. If you&#8217;re ready to help people achieve lifelong well-being, and be a part of an organization that is growing and poised to make an impact on the future of healthcare, Humana has the right opportunity for you.
                Schedule
               :&#160;&#160;Full-time
                Primary Location
               :&#160;&#160;US-Texas-Irving
                Role
               :&#160;&#160;Technology
               Work Environment Type:&#160;&#160;Office
                Travel
               :&#160;&#160;No
             By continuing you agree to Monster's
             ,
             and
             .
          By continuing you agree to Monster's
          ,
          and
          .
          Share this Job
           Related Jobs
             Ashley Furniture, Arlington - TX
             Fidelity, Dallas - TX
             Combined Insurance, Dallas - TX
             UnitedHealth Group, Richardson - TX
             InfoVision, Irving - TX
             Randstad, Irving - TX
             May Trucking, Irving - TX
          More
          Get new similar jobs by email for
          Big Data Architect - Irving, TX
         By continuing you agree to Monster's
         ,
         and
         .
        You will start receiving jobs like this emailed to: {emailaddress}